PMID,title,keywords,authors,abstract34032170,Effect of Impairment on the Prevalence and Comorbidities of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in a National Survey: Nation-Wide Prevalence and Comorbidities of ADHD.,"['Turkey', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'epidemiology', 'prevalence']","['Eyup Sabri Ercan', 'Gul Unsel-Bolat', 'Ali Evren Tufan', 'Sevcan Karakoc Demirkaya', 'Oznur Bilac', 'Goncagul Celik', 'Birim Günay Kılıç', 'Ulku Akyol Ardic', 'Sermin Yalin Sapmaz', 'Hatice Aksu', 'Aysegul Yolga Tahiroglu', 'Gul Karacetin', 'Umit Tural', 'Evrim Aktepe', 'Ayşe Rodopman Arman', 'Senem Başgül', 'Murat Coşkun', 'Onur Burak Dursun', 'İbrahim Durukan', 'Neşe Perdahli Fiş', 'Salih Gençoğlan', 'Cem Gökçen', 'Emel Sarı Gokten', 'Işık Görker', 'Vahdet Görmez', 'Özlem Yıldız Gündoğdu', 'Selma Tural Hesapçioğlu', 'Hasan Kandemir', 'Tuba Mutluer', 'Serhat Nasiroğlu', 'Özlem Özcan', 'Nilfer Şahin', 'Fevziye Toros', 'İpek Perçinel Yazici', 'Kemal Utku Yazici', 'Yasemin Yulaf', 'Tuğba Yüksel', 'Ayhan Bilgic', 'Hatice Altun', 'Devrim Akdemir', 'Betül Mazlum', 'Nursu Çakın Memik', 'Dilşad Foto Özdemir', 'Özden Üneri', 'Fatih Ünal']","[StringElement('This study aimed to determine the prevalence and comorbidities of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) by evaluating a large-scale nation-wide sample of children.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The inclusion criterion was being enrolled as a 2nd, 3rd, or 4th-grade student. A semi-structured diagnostic interview (K-SADS-PL), DSM-IV-Based Screening Scale for Disruptive Behavior Disorders, and assessment of impairment (by both parents and teachers) were applied to 5,842 participants.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The prevalence of ADHD was 19.5% without impairment and 12.4% with impairment. Both ADHD with and without impairment groups had similar psychiatric comorbidity rates except for oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) and conduct disorder (CD) diagnoses. Impairment in the ADHD group resulted in significantly higher ODD and CD diagnoses.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Even when impairment is not described, other psychiatric disorders accompany the diagnosis of ADHD and may cause impairment in the future. Impairment in the diagnosis of ADHD significantly increases the likelihood of ODD and CD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35459116,University students with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): a consensus statement from the UK Adult ADHD Network (UKAAN).,"['ADHD', 'Academic achievement', 'Academic performance', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'College', 'Educational outcomes', 'Higher education', 'University', 'University students']","['Jane A Sedgwick-Müller', 'Ulrich Müller-Sedgwick', 'Marios Adamou', 'Marco Catani', 'Rebecca Champ', 'Gísli Gudjónsson', 'Dietmar Hank', 'Mark Pitts', 'Susan Young', 'Philip Asherson']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with poor educational outcomes that can have long-term negative effects on the mental health, wellbeing, and socio-economic outcomes of university students. Mental health provision for university students with ADHD is often inadequate due to long waiting times for access to diagnosis and treatment in specialist National Health Service (NHS) clinics. ADHD is a hidden and marginalised disability, and within higher education in the UK, the categorisation of ADHD as a specific learning difference (or difficulty) may be contributing to this.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This consensus aims to provide an informed understanding of the impact of ADHD on the educational (or academic) outcomes of university students and highlight an urgent need for timely access to treatment and management.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS'}), StringElement('The UK Adult ADHD Network (UKAAN) convened a meeting of practitioners and experts from England, Wales, and Scotland, to discuss issues that university students with ADHD can experience or present with during their programme of studies and how best to address them. A report on the collective analysis, evaluation, and opinions of the expert panel and published literature about the impact of ADHD on the educational outcomes of university students is presented.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A consensus was reached that offers expert advice, practical guidance, and recommendations to support the medical, education, and disability practitioners working with university students with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Practical advice, guidance, and recommendations based on expert consensus can inform the identification of ADHD in university students, personalised interventions, and educational support, as well as contribute to existing research in this topic area. There is a need to move away from prevailing notions within higher education about ADHD being a specific learning difference (or difficulty) and attend to the urgent need for university students with ADHD to have timely access to treatment and support. A multimodal approach can be adapted to support university students with ADHD. This approach would view timely access to treatment, including reasonable adjustments and educational support, as having a positive impact on the academic performance and achievement of university students with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32885746,Dietary patterns are associated with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms among preschoolers in South Korea: a prospective cohort study.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Dietary pattern', 'Korean', 'Sweets']","['Kyung-Shin Lee', 'Yoon-Jung Choi', 'Youn-Hee Lim', 'Ji Young Lee', 'Moon-Kyung Shin', 'Bung-Nyun Kim', 'Choong Ho Shin', 'Young Ah Lee', 'Johanna Inhyang Kim', 'Yun-Chul Hong']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a prevalent neurobehavioral disorder in children. There are limited studies for diet or dietary supplement effects on ADHD in preschool children in Asia. This study aimed to determine the association between dietary patterns in 4-year-old children and ADHD symptoms in 6-year-old children.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We estimated dietary intake in 4-year-old children using a food frequency questionnaire. Using 33 food groups, major dietary patterns were identified in relation to the consumption of sweets, vegetables, meats, and carbohydrates. Parents of 6-year-old children used the Korean version of the ADHD Rating Scale for ADHD symptom assessment.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A sweet dietary pattern was associated with a higher risk of attention deficit (AD) (relative risk [RR], 1.34; confidence interval [CI], 1.17-1.55), hyperactivity (RR, 1.40; CI, 1.19-1.64), and ADHD symptoms (RR, 1.37; CI, 1.23-1.52). A vegetable dietary pattern was associated with a lower risk of ADHD symptoms (RR, 0.81; CI, 0.72-0.90). Food item analysis of the sweet dietary pattern showed that intake scores for chocolate, chips, and fruit jams positively correlated with AD, hyperactivity, and ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These findings can be useful to further understand the roles of dietary factors in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35725512,Transition from child and adolescent mental health care to adult services for young people with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) or Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) in Europe: Barriers and recommendations.,"['ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder)', 'ASD (Autism Spectrum Disorder)', 'Adolescence', 'Discontinuity of care', 'Discontinuité des soins', 'Mental health', 'Neurodevelopmental disorders', 'Santé mentale', 'Transition', 'Trouble du neurodéveloppement', 'Trouble du spectre de l’autisme (TSA)', 'Trouble déficit de l’attention avec/sans hyperactivité (TDAH)']","['V Maurice', 'F Russet', 'P Scocco', 'F McNicholas', 'P Santosh', 'S P Singh', 'C Street', 'D Purper-Ouakil']","['Transition in mental health care is the process ensuring continuity of care of a young patient arriving at the CAMHS (Child and Adolescent Mental Health Service) age boundary within mental health services. Transition refers to a transfer to an adult mental health service (AMHS), to private care or other mental health community services. A transition plan can also lead to a managed end of specialized care with involvement of a general practitioner or social services. For young people with a diagnosis of ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) or ASD (Autism Spectrum Disorder), two disorders that persist into adulthood, an optimal transition would ensure continuity of care or facilitate access to specialized care in the case of a discharge. Transition typically occurs during adolescence, a known sensitive period when young people may experience major changes at several levels: physiological, psychological and social. Any barrier in the transition process resulting in discontinuity of care may worsen the symptoms of ADHD or ASD and can ultimately adversely affect the global mental health of young people with such neurodevelopmental disorders. The objectives of this narrative review are: 1/to identify the barriers in the transition process in mental health services often faced by young people with these two disorders; 2/to highlight specific recommendations for strengthening the CAMHS-AMHS interface that have been proposed by various countries in Europe.']"32167193,Do motor coordination and sleep difficulties predict peer functioning in children and adolescents with attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder after accounting for existing ADHD symptomology?,"['attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder', 'motor coordination', 'motor skills', 'peer problems', 'peer relationships']","['Vincent O Mancini', 'Kathryn E Althorpe', 'Wai Chen']","[""Children with attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are more likely to experience peer problems compared to their non-ADHD peers, though ADHD-specific symptoms only partially explain this association. This study examined whether sleep difficulties and motor coordination problems are additional predictors of peer problems in an ADHD population. An ADHD sample of 72 participants aged 6-14\xa0years (M\xa0=\xa09.86\xa0years, SD\xa0=\xa01.79\xa0years) was evaluated for an association of peer problems with measures of motor coordination, sleep difficulties as well as ADHD and comorbidity symptoms. Hierarchical multiple regression analysis (HMRA) was used to test the current study aims. Motor coordination, but not sleep difficulties, predicted additional variance in peer problems after controlling for inattention, hyperactivity/impulsivity, internalizing problems, oppositionality, and conduct problems. Poor motor coordination predicts peer problems beyond ADHD symptoms. Clinicians seeking to improve peer functioning in children with ADHD should also consider motor coordination difficulties in addition to existing treatment strategies. Statement of contribution What is already known Children with attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) experience greater peer problems (i.e., making friends, being victimized, participating in play) than their typically developing peers. Previous studies have attributed this association between ADHD and peer problems to the symptoms of ADHD (i.e., inattention and/or hyperactivity) disrupting the typical trajectory of social development. However, quantitative studies have identified that symptoms of ADHD predict only portion of the variance in a child's peer problems - highlighting that there may be other unique factors that contribute to the higher incidence of peer problems typically observed in this population. What this study adds This study tested whether additional theoretically relevant factors could predict levels of peer problems in children with ADHD beyond the primary symptoms of the disorder. Internalizing symptomatology, conduct problems, oppositionality, motor coordination, and sleep difficulties were added to a regression model already including inattention and hyperactivity symptoms. These factors explained 51% of the variability in peer problems. In this sample of 72 ADHD children, the results of the final model highlighted that only motor coordination and conduct problems remained significant predictors of peer problems - highlighting two potentially important target areas for screening and intervention.""]"33671795,Rare Recurrent Variants in Noncoding Regions Impact Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Gene Networks in Children of both African American and European American Ancestry.,"['attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'genetic variants', 'noncoding regions', 'whole genome sequence']","['Yichuan Liu', 'Xiao Chang', 'Hui-Qi Qu', 'Lifeng Tian', 'Joseph Glessner', 'Jingchun Qu', 'Dong Li', 'Haijun Qiu', 'Patrick Sleiman', 'Hakon Hakonarson']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder with poorly understood molecular mechanisms that results in significant impairment in children. In this study, we sought to assess the role of rare recurrent variants in non-European populations and outside of coding regions. We generated whole genome sequence (WGS) data on 875 individuals, including 205 ADHD cases and 670 non-ADHD controls. The cases included 116 African Americans (AA) and 89 European Americans (EA), and the controls included 408 AA and 262 EA. Multiple novel rare recurrent variants were identified in exonic regions, functionally classified as stop-gains and frameshifts for known ADHD genes. Deletion in introns of the protocadherins families and the ncRNA <i>HGB8P</i> were identified in two independent EA ADHD patients. A meta-analysis of the two ethnicities for differential ADHD recurrent variants compared to controls shows a small number of overlaps. These results suggest that rare recurrent variants in noncoding regions may be involved in the pathogenesis of ADHD in children of both AA and EA ancestry; thus, WGS could be a powerful discovery tool for studying the molecular mechanisms of ADHD.']"33243683,Utility of EEG on attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Electroencephalogram', 'Epilepsy', 'Epileptiform discharges']","['Mariem Ben Mahmoud', 'Nadia Ben Ali', 'Saloua Fray', 'Hela Jamoussi', 'Slim Chebbi', 'Mohamed Fredj']","[StringElement('The aim of our study was to analyze electrophysiological findings in patient with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) by electroencephalography (EEG) recording, estimate the prevalence of epilepsy in ADHD population and assess its clinical characteristics.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We conducted a retrospective and analytic study that concerned children with ADHD, followed for at least two-years in the Tunisian National Center for School and University Medicine (NCSUM). All patients recruited underwent at the diagnosis of ADHD, neurological examination and EEG recording in the department of Neurology of Charles Nicolle Hospital. Medical data including family history, ictal semiology and ADHD features were assessed.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Thirty patients were enrolled in our study. Mean age was 12.27\u202fyears with a sex ratio of 3.28. Mean age at diagnosis of ADHD was 6.6\u202fyears. Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disordercombined subtype was seen in 18/30 patients, Hyperactive/ Impulsive subtype in 7/30 patients and Inattentive subtype in 5/30 patients. Epilepsy-disease was reported in 20% (Seizures preceded the diagnosis of ADHD in 3/6 cases and appeared after an average of 3.67\u202fyears in 3/6 cases). Mean age of seizure onset was 7\u202fyears. Seizure-types were generalized (motor 4/6 cases, absence-type (1/6 case)) and focal (1/6 case). Electroencephalography revealed Epileptiform discharges in 30% with frontal and left dominance. Interictal discharges were significantly associated with younger age of onset (p: 0.02), inattentive subtype (p: 0.04) and intellectual disability (p: 0.04). These discharges was not associated with epilepsy.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our results have shown that epileptiform discharges could be used as risk factor for seizures and cognitive impairment which may influence outcome in ADHD population.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35697390,Measurement Informed Care in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Function', 'Improvement', 'Measurement', 'Outcome', 'Remission', 'Scales', 'Symptoms']","['Margaret Danielle Weiss', 'Mark A Stein']","[""Measurement-informed care is a cornerstone of evidence-based practice and shared decision-making. A structured diagnostic interview specific to ADHD provides a globally agreed-on standard of evaluation. These interviews are accessible in the public domain in multiple languages and are helpful to clinicians new to the diagnosis of ADHD. Broad-based rating scales looking at multiple domains of psychopathology are critical to assuring recognition of comorbid diagnoses, which might otherwise be missed, differential diagnoses, and identification of the most prominent or treatable diagnosis. Recent innovations in computerized adaptive testing have improved the efficiency and accuracy of diagnostic screening. Rating scales specific to ADHD and disruptive behavior disorders establish the severity of the disorder and response to intervention. Age- and gender-normed symptom rating scales for ADHD capture clinically salient differences between what is normative in different demographic groups. An evaluation of functional impairment in ADHD has been critical to understanding the patient's perspective of the presenting problem. Best practice care for ADHD treatment goes beyond improvement to well-defined standards for both symptom and functional remission. Studies of executive function, emotional regulation, mind-wandering, and sluggish cognitive tempo have led to a richer understanding of the breadth and depth of associated deficits commonly experienced by ADHD patients. Psychometrically validated tools are available to complement every aspect of ADHD care and provide global standards for research.""]"32847520,Lifetime co-occurring psychiatric disorders in newly diagnosed adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) or/and autism spectrum disorder (ASD).,"['Adults', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism Spectrum disorder', 'Co-occurrence', 'Lifetime psychiatric disorders']","['Artemios Pehlivanidis', 'Katerina Papanikolaou', 'Vasilios Mantas', 'Eva Kalantzi', 'Kalliopi Korobili', 'Lida-Alkisti Xenaki', 'Georgia Vassiliou', 'Charalambos Papageorgiou']","[StringElement('Co-occurring psychiatric disorders in adults with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and/or Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) contribute to the burden of the healthcare and possibly to the delay of diagnosis. Aim of the study was to clinically assess the prevalence and compare lifetime co-occurring psychopathology in a sample of newly diagnosed ADHD and/or ASD adults and discuss the diagnostic challenges they pose.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The lifetime prevalence rates of ten of the most frequently co-occurring psychiatric diagnoses was registered in 336 adults of normal intelligence who underwent a thorough clinical evaluation for the diagnosis of ADHD and/or ASD for the first time in their lives. Four study groups were formed: the ADHD (n\u2009=\u2009151), the ASD (n\u2009=\u200958), the ADHD+ASD (n\u2009=\u200928) and the nonADHD/nonASD (NN) (n\u2009=\u200988) group.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('At least one co-occurring psychopathology was found in 72.8% of the ADHD group, in 50% of the ASD group, in 72.4% of the ADHD+ASD group and in 76.1% of the NN group (p\u2009=\u20090.004). In all groups the most frequent psychiatric disorder was depressive disorder. The only significant difference regarding the patterns of psychiatric co-occurrence between the ADHD and the nonADHD groups (ASD and NN groups) was found for SUD (p\u2009=\u20090.001). Also, the proportion of subjects with Bipolar Disorder was significantly greater in the NN group as compared to those with ASD (p\u2009=\u20090.025).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our results support the high prevalence of co-occurring psychiatric disorders in adults with ADHD and/or ASD with the ASD group presenting the lowest rate. The most marked difference between the ADHD and the nonADHD groups was found for SUD. Moreover, our findings highlight the need for a thorough clinical assessment of all referred patients both in the presence and absence of ADHD and/or ASD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34721828,Meta-Analysis Study on Treatment of Children's Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity.,[],"['Jinlian Xue', 'Yuping Hao', 'Xiaohui Li', 'Renfang Guan', 'Yang Wang', 'Yanfang Li', 'Hongni Tian']","['With the development of society and the economy, the prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been increasing. Due to its high comorbidity and high harm, it has received increasing attention. It causes damage to functions in multiple areas, and this damage may continue into adulthood. ADHD is a common developmental disorder characterized by persistent attention deficit and hyperactivity/impulsivity. ADHD often merges with other diseases, such as oppositional defiant disorder, conduct disorder, personality disorder, anxiety disorder, mood disorder, and substance dependence. The disease tends to cause children with learning difficulties, poor grades, strained relationships with family members and children of the same age, lack of self-esteem, and children with low occupation, low income, substance abuse, and antisocial personality characteristics when they grow up to adults. Many countries have formulated ADHD treatment guidelines for this purpose, but there is still a lack of consensus. This article uses literature research and the meta method: RevMan 5.3 software is used for data analysis. The analysis results show that traditional Chinese medicine has characteristics and advantages in the clinical total effective rate and hyperactivity index score in the treatment of ADHD. The overall clinical syndrome differentiation of the treatment can be summarized as liver and kidney yin deficiency and liver yang partial prosperity. The overall medication is based on the methods of nourishing yin and clearing heat, calming the liver and nourishing kidney, and nourishing yin and suppressing yang. The efficacy and safety evaluation of traditional Chinese medicine in the treatment of ADHD need to be further verified by large-sample clinical trials with strict design and standardized outcome index reporting.']"31610922,Practical considerations for the evaluation and management of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in adults.,"['Adult ADHD', 'Comorbidity', 'Comorbidité', 'Diagnosis', 'Diagnostic', 'Methylphenidate', 'Méthylphénidate', 'Psychotherapy', 'Psychothérapie', 'TDAH de l’adulte', 'Traitement', 'Treatment']","['S Weibel', 'O Menard', 'A Ionita', 'M Boumendjel', 'C Cabelguen', 'C Kraemer', 'J-A Micoulaud-Franchi', 'S Bioulac', 'N Perroud', 'A Sauvaget', 'L Carton', 'M Gachet', 'R Lopez']","['Attention deficit with or without hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most frequent neuropsychiatric disorders, and affects 2-4% of adults. In contrast with many European countries, the identification and management of adult ADHD remains underdeveloped in France, and a subject of controversy. This review provides a practical update on current knowledge about ADHD in adults for French-speaking professionals who have to detect or manage adult patients with ADHD. ADHD is classified as a neurodevelopmental disorder in the recent update of the international diagnostic classification. While symptoms and impairment due to ADHD are frequently severe during childhood, they often evolve as children grow older, with frequent persistent disabilities in adulthood. In adulthood, the clinical presentation, as in childhood, involves the symptom triad of inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity. However, differences are noted: hyperactivity is more often internalized, symptoms of inattention may be masked by anxiety symptoms or obsessive-like compensation strategies. ADHD is often diagnosed during childhood, but it is not rare for the diagnosis to be made later. Failure to recognise symptoms resulting in misdiagnosis, or alternatively well-developed compensation factors could be two underlying reasons for the long delay until diagnosis. Other symptoms, such as emotional deregulation or executive function-related symptoms are also usually observed in adults. In addition, in adults, ADHD is often associated with other psychiatric disorders (in 80% of cases); this makes the diagnosis even more difficult. These disorders encompass a broad spectrum, from mood disorders (unipolar or bipolar), to anxiety disorders, and other neurodevelopmental disorders and personality disorders, especially borderline and antisocial personality disorder. Substance-use disorders are very common, either as a consequence of impulsivity and emotional dysregulation or as an attempt at self-treatment. Sleep disorders, especially restless leg syndrome and hypersomnolence, could share common pathophysiological mechanisms with ADHD. ADHD and comorbidity-related symptoms are responsible for serious functional impairment, in various domains, leading to academic, social, vocational, and familial consequences. The impact on other psychiatric disorders as an aggravating factor should also be considered. The considerable disability and the poorer quality of life among adults with ADHD warrant optimal evaluation and management. The diagnostic procedure for ADHD among adults should be systematic. Once the positive diagnosis is made, the evaluation enables characterisation of the levels of severity and impairment at individual level. A full examination should also assess medical conditions associated with ADHD, to provide personalized care. In recent years, a growing number of assessment tools have been translated and validated in French providing a wide range of structured interviews and standardized self-report questionnaires for the evaluation of core and associated ADHD symptoms, comorbidities and functional impairment. The treatment of ADHD in adults is multimodal, and aims to relieve the symptoms, limit the burden of the disease, and manage comorbidities. The most relevant and validated psychological approaches are psycho-education, cognitive-behavioural therapy and ""third wave therapies"" with a specific focus on emotional regulation. Cognitive remediation and neurofeedback are promising strategies still under evaluation. Medications, especially psychostimulants, are effective for alleviating ADHD symptoms with a large effect size. Their safety and tolerance are satisfactory, although their long-term clinical benefit is still under discussion. In France, methylphenidate is the only stimulant available for the treatment of ADHD. Unfortunately, there is no authorization for its use among adults except in continuation after adolescence. Hence the prescription, which is subject to the regulations on narcotics, is off-label in France. This article aims to provide practical considerations for the management of ADHD and associated disorders in adults, in this particular French context.']"35275514,Trajectories of labour market marginalisation among young adults with newly diagnosed attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'labour market marginalisation', 'sick leave']","['M Helgesson', 'S Rahman', 'E Björkenstam', 'K Gustafsson', 'R Amin', 'H Taipale', 'A Tanskanen', 'L Ekselius', 'E Mittendorfer-Rutz']","[StringElement('Labour market marginalisation (LMM), i.e. severe problems in finding and keeping a job, is common among young adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This study aimed to disentangle the extent of LMM as well as the heterogeneity in patterns of LMM among young adults with ADHD and what characterises those belonging to these distinct trajectories of LMM.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This population-based register study investigated all 6287 young adults, aged 22-29 years, who had their first primary or secondary diagnosis of ADHD in Sweden between 2006 and 2011. Group-based trajectory (GBT) models were used to estimate trajectories of LMM, conceptualised as both unemployment and work disability, 3 years before and 5 years after the year of an incident diagnosis of ADHD. Odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the association between individual characteristics and the trajectory groups of LMM were estimated by multinomial logistic regression.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Six distinct trajectories of LMM were found: 'increasing high' (21% belonged to this trajectory group) with high levels of LMM throughout the study period, 'rapidly increasing' (19%), 'moderately increasing' (21%), 'constant low' (12%) with low levels of LMM throughout the study period, 'moderately decreasing' (14%) and finally 'fluctuating' (13%), following a reversed u-shaped curve. Individuals with the following characteristics had an increased probability of belonging to trajectory groups of increasing LMM: low educational level (moderately increasing: OR: 1.4; CI: 1.2-1.8, rapidly increasing: OR: 1.7; CI: 1.3-2.1, increasing high: OR: 2.9; CI: 2.3-3.6), single parents (moderately increasing: OR: 1.6; CI: 1.1-2.4, rapidly increasing: OR: 2.0; CI: 1.3-3.0), those born outside the European Union/the Nordic countries (rapidly increasing: OR: 1.7; CI: 1.1-2.5, increasing high: OR: 2.1; CI: 1.4-3.1), persons living in small cities/villages (moderately increasing: OR: 2.4; CI: 1.9-3.0, rapidly increasing: OR: 2.1; CI: 1.6-2.7, increasing high: OR: 2.6; CI: 2.0-3.3) and those with comorbid mental disorders, most pronounced regarding schizophrenia/psychoses (rapidly increasing: OR: 6.7; CI: 2.9-19.5, increasing high: OR: 12.8; CI: 5.5-37.0), autism spectrum disorders (rapidly increasing: OR: 4.6; CI: 3.1-7.1, increasing high: OR: 9.6; CI: 6.5-14.6), anxiety/stress-related disorders (moderately increasing: OR: 1.3; CI: 1.1-1.7, rapidly increasing: OR: 2.0; CI: 1.6-2.5, increasing high: OR: 1.8; CI: 1.5-2.3) and depression/bipolar disorder (moderately increasing: OR: 1.3; CI: 1.0-1.6, rapidly increasing: OR: 1.7; CI: 1.4-2.2, increasing high: OR: 1.5; CI: 1.2-1.9)."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('About 61% of young adults were characterised by increasing LMM after a diagnosis of ADHD. To avoid marginalisation, attention should especially be given to young adults diagnosed with ADHD with a low educational level, that are single parents and who are living outside big cities. Also, young adults with comorbid mental disorders should be monitored for LMM early in working life.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33973506,"Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms, comorbid psychopathology, behaviour problems and gastrointestinal symptoms in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder.","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'behaviour problems', 'comorbidity', 'gastrointestinal symptoms']","['Geraldine Leader', 'Roisín Moore', 'June L Chen', 'Aoife Caher', 'Sophia Arndt', 'Leanne Maher', 'Katie Naughton', 'Reanna Clune', 'Arlene Mannion']","[StringElement('The study aims to investigate attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms, gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, comorbid psychopathology and behaviour problems in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder (ASD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('Parents of 147 children and adolescents with ASD aged 6-18 years completed the Conners 3 Parent-Short Form, Gastrointestinal Symptom Inventory, Behavior Problems Inventory-Short Form and Autism Spectrum Disorder-Comorbid for Children.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Fifty-six per cent of children and adolescents had a comorbid diagnosis of ADHD, yet over 70% presented with clinically significant ADHD symptoms. Forty per cent of participants received a diagnosis of ADHD before ASD and 25.6% received a diagnosis of ASD first. Relationships were found between ADHD symptoms and comorbid psychopathology, GI symptoms, and behaviour problems.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The outcomes suggest that ADHD is being underestimated as a comorbid disorder of ASD. This may have implications on treatment and interventions for children and adolescents who have a diagnosis of both ASD and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30257225,Sugar consumption and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): A birth cohort study.,"['ADHD', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Sugar consumption']","['Bianca Del-Ponte', 'Luciana Anselmi', 'Maria Cecília F Assunção', 'Luciana Tovo-Rodrigues', 'Tiago N Munhoz', 'Alicia Matijasevich', 'Luis Augusto Rohde', 'Iná S Santos']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is characterized by persistent symptoms of lack of attention, impulsivity and hyperactivity. The association between nutritional exposures and ADHD has been investigated and some studies have identified adverse effects from higher intake of sugar. The objective of the present study was to evaluate the association between change in sugar consumption between 6 and 11 years of age and incidence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Pelotas 2004 Birth Cohort Study in Brazil. A food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was used to estimate sugar consumption and the Development and Well-Being Assessment (DAWBA) was applied to mothers to assess the presence of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Only children without ADHD at 6 years and with complete information from FFQ and DAWBA at 6 and 11 years were included in the analyses (n\u202f=\u202f2924). Odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals were calculated. Incidence of ADHD between 6 and 11 years was 4.6% (3.6-5.6%) among boys and 1.8% (1.2-2.5%) among girls. Adjusted analyses showed no association between always high sucrose consumption between 6 and 11 years and incidence of ADHD, compared with individuals who always presented low consumption, both among boys (OR\u202f=\u202f0.66; 0.21-2.04) and girls (OR\u202f=\u202f2.71; 0.24-30.35).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Reflect those that are inherent to use of FFQs, such as memory bias and lack of precision in quantifying the diet.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('The results suggest that there is no association between sucrose consumption between 6 and 11 years of age and incidence of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32682821,Welfare consequences for people diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): A matched nationwide study in Denmark.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Direct and indirect costs', 'Functional outcome', 'Home care', 'Partner']","['Poul Jennum', 'Lene Halling Hastrup', 'Rikke Ibsen', 'Jakob Kjellberg', 'Erik Simonsen']","['There is insufficient data regarding the excess direct and indirect costs associated with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Using the Danish National Patient Registry (2002-2016), we identified 83,613 people of any age with a diagnosis of ADHD or who were using central-acting medication against ADHD (primarily methylphenidate, with at least two prescriptions) and matched them to 334,446 control individuals. Additionally, 18,959 partners of patients aged ≥18 years with ADHD were identified, and compared with 74,032 control partners. Direct costs were based on data from the Danish Ministry of Health. Information about the use and costs of drugs were obtained from the Danish Medicines Agency. The frequencies of visits and hospitalizations, and costs of general practice were derived from data from the National Health Security. Indirect costs were obtained from Coherent Social Statistics. The average annual health care costs for people with ADHD and their partners were, respectively, €2636 and €477 higher than those of the matched controls. A greater percentage of people with ADHD and their partners compared with respective control subjects received social services (sick pay or disability pension). Those with ADHD had a lower income from employment than did controls for equivalent periods up to five years before the first diagnosis of ADHD. The additional direct and indirect annual costs (for those aged ≥18 years) including transfers of ADHD compared with controls were €23,072 for people with ADHD and €7,997 for their partners. ADHD has substantial socioeconomic consequences for individual patients, their partners and society.']"35670761,"Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in cultural context: Do parents in Hong Kong and the United Kingdom adopt different thresholds when rating symptoms, and if so why?","['attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'cross-cultural study', 'parenting', 'rating threshold', 'social norms']","['Wendy W Y Chan', 'Kathy Kar-Man Shum', 'Edmund J S Sonuga-Barke']","[StringElement(""Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) prevalence is similar across world regions. However, because informants' decision thresholds may vary between regions, these similarities may mask regional variations in actual ADHD behaviours. We tested this by comparing the relationship between informant's ratings and children's measured activity in United Kingdom (UK) and Hong Kong (HK) and then explored whether any national differences in endorsement thresholds discovered are linked to cultural variations in parenting factors."", attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement(""Parents rated the 18 ADHD symptoms in 112 three-to-five-year-old children stratified for ADHD symptom levels (49 girls and 63 boys; 55 from the UK and 57 from HK) and completed some parenting questionnaires. Children's task-related activity was measured using actometers."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In both groups, measured activity was positively correlated with hyperactivity/impulsivity (r\xa0=\xa00.44<sup>HK</sup> ; r\xa0=\xa00.41<sup>UK</sup> ). While HK children were less active than UK children (p\xa0<\xa00.01), HK parents rated their children as more hyperactive/impulsive and inattentive (ps\xa0<\xa00.05). The lower rating threshold indicated by this pattern in HK parents were explained by their higher child-related stress levels.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('UK and HK parents operated different ADHD symptom endorsement thresholds. The link between these and child-related stress may mark a more general role of cultural pressure for child conformity and school achievement in HK.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35215389,Effects of Caffeine Consumption on Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Treatment: A Systematic Review of Animal Studies.,"['ADHD', 'animal models', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'caffeine', 'impulsivity']","['Javier C Vázquez', 'Ona Martin de la Torre', 'Júdit López Palomé', 'Diego Redolar-Ripoll']","[""Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by a persistent pattern of inattention and/or hyperactivity-impulsivity. ADHD impairments arise from irregularities primarily in dopamine (DA) and norepinephrine (NE) circuits within the prefrontal cortex. Due to ADHD medication's controversial side effects and high rates of diagnosis, alternative/complementary pharmacological therapeutic approaches for ADHD are needed. Although the number of publications that study the potential effects of caffeine consumption on ADHD treatment have been accumulating over the last years, and caffeine has recently been used in ADHD research in the context of animal models, an updated evidence-based systematic review on the effects of caffeine on ADHD-like symptoms in animal studies is lacking. To provide insight and value at the preclinical level, a systematic review based on PRISMA guidelines was performed for all publications available up to 1 September 2021. Caffeine treatment increases attention and improves learning, memory, and olfactory discrimination without altering blood pressure and body weight. These results are supported at the neuronal/molecular level. Nonetheless, the role of caffeine in modulating ADHD-like symptoms of hyperactivity and impulsivity is contradictory, raising discrepancies that require further clarification. Our results strengthen the hypothesis that the cognitive effects of caffeine found in animal models could be translated to human ADHD, particularly during adolescence.""]"35180505,"Treatment with RehaCom computerized rehabilitation program improves response control, but not attention in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).","['Attention', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Cognitive Rehabilitation', 'RehaCom', 'Response Control']","['Mitra Mozaffari', 'Peyman Hassani-Abharian', 'Gita Kholghi', 'Salar Vaseghi', 'Mohammad-Reza Zarrindast', 'Mohammad Nasehi']","[""Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common psychiatric disorder in children. ADHD impairs attention, response control, emotion regulation, and other cognitive functions. On the other hand, RehaCom is a cognitive rehabilitation software that has therapeutic effects on cognitive dysfunctions in many diseases such as stroke, multiple sclerosis, and schizophrenia. The goal of the present study was to investigate the effect of treatment with RehaCom on auditory and visual response control, and auditory and visual attention in children with ADHD. Forty patients were selected. The participants were assigned to control (n\xa0=\xa020) and experimental (n\xa0=\xa020) groups, while only the participants in the experimental group were trained by RehaCom for five weeks (ten 45-min sessions, two sessions per week). At weeks 0 and 5, performance of the participants of experimental group was compared with the participants of control group. The results showed that treatment with RehaCom significantly improved auditory and visual response control in children with ADHD, with no effect on auditory and visual attention. In conclusion, RehaCom may alter brain's structural and functional properties that are related to response control. We suggest that attention deficit in ADHD may be a result of more complicated dysfunctions in the brain, that are not affected by RehaCom.""]"34501798,Incidence of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Diagnoses in Navarre (Spain) from 2003 to 2019.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'behavior disorder', 'hyperactivity', 'inattention']","['Leire Leache', 'Olast Arrizibita', 'Marta Gutiérrez-Valencia', 'Luis Carlos Saiz', 'Juan Erviti', 'Julián Librero']","['(1) Background: Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) constitutes one of the leading mental health and behavioral disorders in childhood and adolescence. The main objective of this study was to analyze the time trend in the incidence of ADHD diagnoses in Navarre (Spain) from 2003 to 2019 in children and adolescents from 5 to 19 years old. Additionally, the seasonal trends of ADHD incidence and ADHD prevalence were determined. (2) Methods: A population-based observational retrospective study, which included people born between 1991 and 2011 and who attended compulsory education between 2007 and 2017 in Navarre (Spain), was carried out with data from both the Education and Health Department databases. (3) Results: The incidence rate increased from 4.18 cases per 1000 person-years in 2003 to 7.43 cases per 1000 person-years in 2009, before decreasing progressively to 2.1 cases per 1000 person-years in 2019. A peak incidence rate at 7-8 years of age was observed, which is consistent across the study period and for both genders. Males were more than twice as likely to be diagnosed with ADHD than females, with similar time trends in both. A seasonal pattern in ADHD diagnosis was found, with peaks in February-March and the lowest rates in the summer months. Inattentive cases were much more frequent than hyperactive cases, whereas combined cases remained low across the study period. (4) Conclusions: In this age-period-cohort analysis, a clear period and age effect was observed. We found a decreasing trend in the ADHD incidence rate since 2015. Further research is needed to confirm whether a change of trend is occurring globally.']"32886223,Maternal serum Vitamin B12 and offspring attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Maternal', 'Prenatal', 'Vitamin B12']","['Andre Sourander', 'Sanju Silwal', 'Subina Upadhyaya', 'Heljä-Marja Surcel', 'Susanna Hinkka-Yli-Salomäki', 'Ian W McKeague', 'Keely Cheslack-Postava', 'Alan S Brown']","[""Maternal Vitamin B12 deficiency during pregnancy is associated with offspring neuropsychiatric disorders. Few previous studies examining this association with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) report inconsistent findings. The study examines the association between maternal serum Vitamin B12 levels and offsprings' risk of ADHD. This study is based on the Finnish Prenatal Study of ADHD with a nested case-control design. All the singleton children born in Finland between January 1998 and December 1999 and diagnosed with ADHD were included in the study. A total of 1026 cases were matched with an equal number of controls on sex, date of birth and place of birth. Maternal Vitamin B12 levels were assessed using a chemiluminescence microparticle immunoassay and archived from maternal serum banks, collected during the first and early second trimester of pregnancy. Lower maternal Vitamin B12 levels when analyzed as a continuous variable was not associated with offspring ADHD (aOR 0.97, 95% CI 0.79-1.18, p\u2009=\u20090.75). No significant associations were seen in the lowest quintile of Vitamin B12 levels (aOR 0.96, 95% CI 0.73-1.27, p\u2009=\u20090.80). This is the first study examining maternal sera Vitamin B12 levels during early pregnancy and offspring ADHD. The result suggests that Vitamin B12 deficiency during early pregnancy has specificity for some disorders but not with offspring ADHD.""]"34668641,Effect of anti-attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) medication on clinical seizures and sleep EEG: A retrospective study of Japanese children with ADHD.,"['EEG', 'anti-ADHD drugs', 'atomoxetine', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'epilepsy', 'methylphenidate']","['Hisako Yamamoto', 'Eiji Nakagawa', 'Yousuke Kita', 'Yoshimi Kaga', 'Masumi Inagaki']","[StringElement('Patients with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) often exhibit basic or paroxysmal wave abnormalities on electroencephalography (EEG). Methylphenidate (MPH), an anti-ADHD stimulant, has been reported to lower the seizure threshold. However, there have been no reports comparing EEG changes before and after administration of the central nervous system (CNS) stimulant MPH, or atomoxetine (ATX) hydrochloride, a non-CNS stimulant. In this study, we investigated changes in sleep EEG before and after the administration of ADHD treatment drugs.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS'}), StringElement('With the approval of the ethics committee, the medical records of 28 children with ADHD (23 men and 5 women) who gave consent were retrospectively investigated. The appearance of sudden abnormal waves during a 10-minute sleep EEG recording was measured in 0.1-second units, and the duration of these waves was calculated as the paroxysmal index (PI).', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Paroxysmal index did not differ significantly between patients who received MPH and those who received ATX. In addition, there were no exacerbations of clinical seizures.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('It was concluded that ADHD medications do not have an adverse effect on epileptic seizures or abnormal sleep EEGs.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33548493,Systematic Review: How the Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Polygenic Risk Score Adds to Our Understanding of ADHD and Associated Traits.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'comorbidity', 'genetics', 'neurodevelopment', 'psychiatry']","['Angelica Ronald', 'Nora de Bode', 'Tinca J C Polderman']","[StringElement('To investigate, by systematically reviewing the literature, whether the attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) polygenic risk score (PRS) associates with ADHD and related traits in independent clinical and population samples.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('PubMed, Embase and PsychoInfo were systematically searched, alongside study bibliographies. Quality assessments were conducted, and a best-evidence synthesis was applied. Studies were excluded when the predictor was not based on the latest ADHD genome-wide association study, when PRS was not based on genome-wide results, or when the study was a review. Initially, 197 studies were retrieved (February 22, 2020), and a second search (June 3, 2020) yielded a further 49 studies. From both searches, 57 studies were eligible, and 44 studies met inclusion criteria.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Included studies were published in the last 3 years. Over 80% of the studies were rated excellent, based on a standardized quality assessment. Evidence of associations between ADHD PRS and the following categories was strong: ADHD, ADHD traits, brain structure, education, externalizing behaviors, neuropsychological constructs, physical health, and socioeconomic status. Evidence for associations with addiction, autism, and mental health were mixed and were, so far, inconclusive. Odds ratios for PRS associating with ADHD ranged from 1.22% to 1.76%; variance explained in dimensional assessments of ADHD traits was 0.7% to 3.3%.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('A new wave of high-quality research using the ADHD PRS has emerged. Eventually, symptoms may be partly identified based on PRS, but the current ADHD PRS is useful for research purposes only. This review shows that the ADHD PRS is robust and reliable, associating not only with ADHD but many outcomes and challenges known to be linked to ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34232109,"Evaluation of peripheral inflammatory markers, serum B12, folate, ferritin levels and clinical correlations in children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).","['Autism', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'blood parameters', 'inflammation']","['Zehra Topal', 'Ali Evren Tufan', 'Mehmet Karadag', 'Cem Gokcen', 'Canan Akkaya', 'Ayse Sevde Sarp', 'Ilhan Bahsi', 'Metin Kilinc']","[StringElement('The aim of the current study is to compare serum B12, folate, and ferritin levels and peripheral inflammatory indicators between children with Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD), Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), and healthy controls (HC) and to evaluate the correlation of those with symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A total of 203 children were evaluated (ASD = 72; ADHD = 61; HC = 70). Diagnoses of ASD and ADHD were ascertained according to Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-Age Children - Present and Lifetime Version (K-SADS-PL). Control group was chosen among the healthy children who applied to general pediatrics outpatient clinic. Gilliam Autism Rating Scale-2 is used to assess autistic symptoms and Atilla Turgay DSM-IV Based Child and Adolescent Behavior Disorders Screening and Rating Scale is used for ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'MATERIALS AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Neutrophil levels (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.014) and neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio (NLR) (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.016) were higher in the ADHD and ASD groups compared to HC. Neutrophil values explained 70.1% of the variance across groups while NLR explained a further 29.9% of the variance. NLR significantly correlated with social interaction problems in ASD (<i>r</i>\u2009=\u20090.26, <i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.04). There were no significant differences between groups in terms of vitamin B12, folate and ferritin levels.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our results may support involvement of inflammation in the underlying pathophysiology of neurodevelopmental disorders. However, these parameters should be analyzed in a wider population to clarify the effect on the etiology and symptomatology of neurodevelopmental disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34007156,"Evaluating Guanfacine Hydrochloride in the Treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in Adult Patients: Design, Development and Place in Therapy.","['adults', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'guanfacine', 'nonstimulant', 'pharmacotherapy']","['Toyosaku Ota', 'Kazuhiko Yamamuro', 'Kosuke Okazaki', 'Toshifumi Kishimoto']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is characterized by age-inappropriate and impairing levels of inattention, hyperactivity, or impulsivity, or a combination of these characteristics. It is estimated to affect around 4% of adults worldwide. In the past few decades, prescriptions for ADHD drugs (psychostimulants and non-psychostimulants) have increased significantly. However, the efficacy and safety of adult ADHD medications remains controversial. Guanfacine extended-release (GXR) is a non-psychostimulant ADHD drug that is a selective α2A-adrenergic receptor agonist, first approved for treatment of adult ADHD in Japan in June 2019. Our aim was to provide an overview of GXR pharmacology and review the studies on efficacy and safety that have been conducted in adults with ADHD. The beneficial actions of guanfacine are thought to be attributed to the strengthening of prefrontal cortical network connections, which regulate attention, emotion, and behavior via the activity at post-synaptic α2A receptors. Current evidence of GXR efficacy and safety suggests that GXR is an effective monotherapy treatment option for adults with ADHD.']"34477232,"Alpha oscillatory activity during attentional control in children with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD), Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), and ASD+ADHD.","['ADHD', 'Autism Spectrum Disorder', 'attention', 'comorbidity']","['Roser Cañigueral', 'Jason Palmer', 'Karen L Ashwood', 'Bahar Azadi', 'Philip Asherson', 'Patrick F Bolton', 'Gráinne McLoughlin', 'Charlotte Tye']","[StringElement('Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) share impairments in top-down and bottom-up modulation of attention. However, it is not yet well understood if co-occurrence of ASD and ADHD reflects a distinct or additive profile of attention deficits. We aimed to characterise alpha oscillatory activity (stimulus-locked alpha desynchronisation and prestimulus alpha) as an index of integration of top-down and bottom-up attentional processes in ASD and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""Children with ASD, ADHD, comorbid ASD+ADHD, and typically-developing children completed a fixed-choice reaction-time task ('Fast task') while neurophysiological activity was recorded. Outcome measures were derived from source-decomposed neurophysiological data. Main measures of interest were prestimulus alpha power and alpha desynchronisation (difference between poststimulus and prestimulus alpha). Poststimulus activity linked to attention allocation (P1, P3), attentional control (N2), and cognitive control (theta synchronisation, 100-600\u2009ms) was also examined. ANOVA was used to test differences across diagnostics groups on these measures. Spearman's correlations were used to investigate the relationship between attentional control processes (alpha oscillations), central executive functions (theta synchronisation), early visual processing (P1), and behavioural performance."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children with ADHD (ADHD and ASD+ADHD) showed attenuated alpha desynchronisation, indicating poor integration of top-down and bottom-up attentional processes. Children with ADHD showed reduced N2 and P3 amplitudes, while children with ASD (ASD and ASD+ADHD) showed greater N2 amplitude, indicating atypical attentional control and attention allocation across ASD and ADHD. In the ASD group, prestimulus alpha and theta synchronisation were negatively correlated, and alpha desynchronisation and theta synchronisation were positively correlated, suggesting an atypical association between attentional control processes and executive functions.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ASD and ADHD are associated with disorder-specific impairments, while children with ASD+ADHD overall presented an additive profile with attentional deficits of both disorders. Importantly, these findings may inform the improvement of transdiagnostic procedures and optimisation of personalised intervention approaches.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32757699,Time perception in children with attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): Does task matter? A meta-analysis study.,"['Attention deficit–hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'delay discounting', 'modality', 'time estimation', 'time perception']","['Vahid Nejati', 'Samira Yazdani']","['We aimed to assess the effects of the nature of the task on time perception deficit (TPD) in children with attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The inconsistent results from 12 studies in children with ADHD revealed that the problem of time estimation was more obvious in prospective tasks in long-duration intervals. The modality is not a decisive factor. Only two studies reported the subtypes of ADHD that showed TPD in all subtypes. Children with ADHD have difficulties in time perception (TP). The problem is obvious in different types of modality including visual and auditory, in different types of task time estimation, time reproduction, and especially in longer duration.']"35896943,"A Phase III, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial Assessing the Efficacy and Safety of Viloxazine Extended-Release Capsules in Adults with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.",[],"['Azmi Nasser', 'Joseph T Hull', 'Soumya A Chaturvedi', 'Tesfaye Liranso', 'Oyinkansola Odebo', 'Alisa R Kosheleff', 'Nicholas Fry', 'Andrew J Cutler', 'Jonathan Rubin', 'Stefan Schwabe', 'Ann Childress']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder is a neurodevelopmental disorder that typically begins in childhood and often persists into adulthood. Recent phase III trials have demonstrated the efficacy and safety of viloxazine extended-release capsules (viloxazine ER; Qelbree<sup>®</sup>) in pediatrics (6-17 years of age). The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of viloxazine ER in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This was a phase III, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, two-arm trial in adults (18-65 years of age) with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Eligible subjects were randomized 1:1 to viloxazine ER (flexible dose of 200-600 mg/day) or matched placebo. The primary efficacy endpoint was the change from baseline at end of study (week 6) in the Adult ADHD Investigator Symptom Rating Scale (AISRS) total score. The key secondary endpoint was the change from baseline at end of study in the Clinical Global Impressions-Severity of Illness (CGI-S) score. Additional secondary outcome measures included the AISRS Inattention and Hyperactivity/Impulsivity subscales, the Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function-Adult (BRIEF-A), the Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 Item (GAD-7), and the Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement (CGI-I); each was analyzed at end of study. Responder rates on CGI scales and the AISRS were also assessed.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 374 subjects were randomized. At end of study, the mean viloxazine ER dose was 504 mg. The reduction in the change from baseline at end of study AISRS total score (least-square means ± standard error) was significantly greater in subjects treated with viloxazine ER (-15.5 ± 0.91) compared with placebo (-11.7 ± 0.90), p = 0.0040. The reduction in the CGI-S score was also significantly greater in subjects treated with viloxazine ER (-1.4 ± 0.10) compared with placebo (-1.0 ± 0.10), p = 0.0023. The viloxazine ER group demonstrated significantly greater improvements in the AISRS Inattention (p = 0.0015) and Hyperactivity/Impulsivity (p = 0.0380) subscales, the CGI-I (p = 0.0076), and the BRIEF-A Global Executive Composite (p = 0.0468) and Metacognition Index (p = 0.0100). Analysis of categorical secondary endpoints revealed that the viloxazine ER group had a significantly higher AISRS 30% response rate compared with placebo (p = 0.0395); all other comparisons were not significant. Many treatment effects (including the primary and key secondary endpoints) were significant by week 2. The most common treatment-related adverse events that occurred in ≥5% of subjects receiving viloxazine ER were insomnia (14.8%), fatigue (11.6%), nausea (10.1%), decreased appetite (10.1%), dry mouth (9.0%), and headache (9.0%). Viloxazine ER was well tolerated, with a 9.0% discontinuation rate due to adverse events compared with 4.9% in the placebo group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Treatment with viloxazine ER resulted in a statistically significant improvement in primary and key secondary endpoints, indicating improvements in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptomology, executive function, and overall clinical illness severity in adults. Viloxazine ER was well tolerated at the tested doses in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT04016779.', attributes={'Label': 'CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION'})]"35124111,Event-related brain oscillations in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): A systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['Adult', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Child', 'Electroencephalography (EEG)', 'Event-related power', 'Time-frequency']","['Giorgia Michelini', 'Gevork Salmastyan', 'Juan Diego Vera', 'Agatha Lenartowicz']","[""Previous studies have associated attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) with several alterations in electroencephalographic (EEG) activity. Time-frequency analyses capturing event-related power modulations are becoming an increasingly popular approach, but a systematic synthesis of the time-frequency literature in ADHD is currently lacking. We conducted the first systematic review and meta-analysis of time-frequency studies of children and adults with ADHD in comparison to neurotypical controls. Searches via Medline, Embase, and Web of Science, as well as reference lists, identified 28 eligible articles published until March 2021. Of these, 13 articles with relevant data were included in a multi-level meta-analysis. Most studies examined power modulations of alpha, theta and/or beta frequencies (N\xa0=\xa021/28), and focused on children (N\xa0=\xa017/28). Meta-analyses showed significantly weaker theta increases (Cohen's d\xa0=\xa0-0.25, p\xa0=\xa00.039; N<sub>ADHD</sub>\xa0=\xa0346, N<sub>CONTROL</sub>\xa0=\xa0327), alpha decreases (d\xa0=\xa00.44, p\xa0<\xa00.001; N<sub>ADHD</sub>\xa0=\xa0564, N<sub>CONTROL</sub>\xa0=\xa0450), and beta increases (Cohen's d\xa0=\xa0-0.33, p\xa0<\xa00.001; N<sub>ADHD</sub>\xa0=\xa0222, N<sub>CONTROL</sub>\xa0=\xa0263) in individuals with ADHD relative to controls. These patterns indicate broad brain-oscillatory alterations in individuals with ADHD with small (theta) and small-to-moderate (alpha and beta) effect sizes. These group differences were partly consistent when repeating analyses by age group (<18 and 18+ years) and task type (cognitive control, working memory, and simple attention tasks). Overall, our findings identify widespread event-related brain-oscillatory alterations in individuals with ADHD during a range of neurocognitive functions. Future research requires larger samples, a broader range of frequency bands (including delta and gamma) during a wider type of cognitive-affective processes, and should clarify whether atypical event-related power profiles are ADHD-specific or shared with other neuropsychiatric conditions.""]"34556092,Elevated risk of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in Japanese children with higher genetic susceptibility to ADHD with a birth weight under 2000 g.,"['ADHD', 'Birth weight', 'Cohort study', 'Hyperactivity', 'Inattention', 'Polygenic risk']","['Md Shafiur Rahman', 'Nagahide Takahashi', 'Toshiki Iwabuchi', 'Tomoko Nishimura', 'Taeko Harada', 'Akemi Okumura', 'Nori Takei', 'Yoko Nomura', 'Kenji J Tsuchiya']","[StringElement('Both genetic and pre- and perinatal factors, including birth weight, have been implicated in the onset of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) traits among children. This study aimed to elucidate to what extent the genetic risk of ADHD moderates the association between birth weight and ADHD traits among Japanese children.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""We conducted a longitudinal birth cohort study (Hamamatsu Birth Cohort for Mother and Children Study) to investigate the association of genetic risk for ADHD and low birth weight with ADHD traits among Japanese children. Out of 1258 children, we included 796 who completed follow-ups at 8 to 9 years of age. Birth weight was categorized as <2000 g, 2000-2499 g, and ≥2500 g. Polygenic risk score for ADHD was generated using the summary data of a large-scale genome-wide association study. The Rating Scale IV (ADHD-RS) assessed ADHD traits (inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity) based on parental reports. Following previous studies, sex, birth order of the child, gestational age at birth, mother's age at delivery, educational attainment, pre-pregnancy body mass index, pre-pregnancy or during pregnancy smoking status, alcohol consumption during pregnancy, father's age, education, and annual family income were considered as covariates. Multivariable negative binomial regression was applied to evaluate the association between birth weight and ADHD traits, while adjusting for potential covariates. The interaction term between birth weight categories and binary polygenic risk was added to the model."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Birth weight of 2000-2499 g was not associated with ADHD traits. Birth weight under 2000 g was significantly associated with both inattention and hyperactivity. When accounting for higher and lower genetic risk for ADHD, only those with higher genetic risk and birth weight < 2000 g were associated with inattention (rate ratio [RR] 1.56, 95% CI 1.07-2.27) and hyperactivity (RR 1.87, 95% CI 1.14-3.06).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Birth weight under 2000 g, together with the genetic risk of ADHD, contributes to higher levels of ADHD traits among Japanese children aged 8 to 9 years. The suggested association between low birth weight and ADHD is confined to children with a genetic susceptibility to ADHD, indicating the relevance of genetic-environmental interactions in the etiology.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34507915,Three-dimensional analysis of upper airway and craniofacial morphology in orthodontic adolescents with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): A comparative retrospective study.,"['ADHD', 'Airway volume', 'Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity', 'CBCT', 'Cone Beam Computed Tomography', 'Craniofacial morphology']","['Majd Hasanin', 'Rahma ElNaghy', 'Douglas Olson', 'Thikriat Al-Jewair']","[StringElement('The aim of this study is to evaluate craniofacial characteristics and upper airway morphology in adolescents with Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity (ADHD) compared to controls (CON).', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Records from July 2014 to May 2018 of patients who were seeking orthodontic treatment at a single institute and had full pre-treatment orthodontic records including cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) were reviewed. Comprehensive cephalometric variables were measured to determine craniofacial morphology. Upper airway volume (UAV), minimum cross-sectional area (MCA), and linear measurements were calculated at multiple planes.', attributes={'Label': 'MATERIALS AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 87 adolescents (ADHD, 29; CON, 58) were included in the study. Overall, UAV and MCA in ADHA group were smaller than CON. Statistical significance was evident in airway widths at planes A (P=0.002), C (P=0.042), and D (P<0.001), and airway area at plane D (lower hypopharynx) (P<0.001), with the ADHD group showing narrower widths and area compared to CON. The most common skeletal classification in the ADHD group was sequenced as Class II, Class I then Class III, with percentages of (58.6%), (31%) and (10.3%), respectively. No significant differences were found between the groups for any of the skeletal, dental, and soft tissue cephalometric variables.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ADHD affected adolescents have similar craniofacial characteristics, but narrower upper airway dimensions compared to controls. Further investigations with larger samples are warranted to further elucidate the relationship between SDB and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34081716,Current use of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) medications and clinical characteristics of child and adolescent psychiatric outpatients prescribed multiple ADHD medications in Japan.,[],"['Yoshinori Sasaki', 'Noa Tsujii', 'Shouko Sasaki', 'Hikaru Sunakawa', 'Yusuke Toguchi', 'Syuuichi Tanase', 'Kiyoshi Saito', 'Rena Shinohara', 'Toshinari Kurokouchi', 'Kaori Sugimoto', 'Kotoe Itagaki', 'Yukino Yoshida', 'Saori Namekata', 'Momoka Takahashi', 'Ikuhiro Harada', 'Yuuki Hakosima', 'Kumi Inazaki', 'Yuta Yoshimura', 'Yuki Mizumoto', 'Takayuki Okada', 'Masahide Usami']","[StringElement('Patients with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) manifest symptoms of hyperactivity, impulsivity, and/or inattention. ADHD medications available in Japan are limited compared with those in Western countries. Prescribing status has not been sufficiently evaluated in clinical settings in Japan. This study investigated the current use of ADHD medications and characteristics of patients who received multiple ADHD medications in a clinical setting in Japan.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND/AIM'}), StringElement('Study participants were those who visited the Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, Kohnodai Hospital between April 2015 and March 2020. We investigated patients who received osmotic-controlled release oral delivery system methylphenidate, atomoxetine, or guanfacine. A retrospective case-control design was used to evaluate the characteristics of patients who received multiple ADHD medications. Patients who were given three ADHD medications were defined as the case group. Randomly sampled sex- and age-matched patients diagnosed with ADHD were defined as the control group. We compared data for child-to-parent violence, antisocial behavior, suicide attempt or self-harm, abuse history, refusal to attend school, and two psychological rating scales (the ADHD-Rating Scale and Tokyo Autistic Behavior Scale).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Among the 878 patients who were prescribed any ADHD medications, 43 (4.9%) received three ADHD medications. Logistic regression revealed that children with severe ADHD symptoms, autistic characteristics, or tendency of child-to-parent violence were more likely to have been prescribed three medications during their treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our findings suggest the approach to prevent the use of multiple ADHD medications. A prospective study to investigate the causality between prescribing status and clinical characteristics is warranted.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34687698,"A systematic review and meta-analysis of altered electrophysiological markers of performance monitoring in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD), Gilles de la Tourette Syndrome (GTS), Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and Autism.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Autism', 'Gilles de la Tourette Syndrome (GTS)', 'Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD)', 'electroencephalography (EEG)', 'error positivity (Pe)', 'error-related negativity (ERN)', 'feedback-P3', 'feedback-related negativity (FRN)']","['Alessio Bellato', 'Luke Norman', 'Iman Idrees', 'Carolina Y Ogawa', 'Alice Waitt', 'Pedro F Zuccolo', 'Charlotte Tye', 'Joaquim Radua', 'Madeleine J Groom', 'Elizabeth Shephard']","[""Altered performance monitoring is implicated in obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), Gilles de la Tourette syndrome (GTS), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of electrophysiological correlates of performance monitoring (error-related negativity, ERN; error positivity, Pe; feedback-related negativity, FRN; feedback-P3) in individuals with OCD, GTS, ADHD or autism compared to control participants, or associations between correlates and symptoms/traits of these conditions. Meta-analyses on 97 studies (5890 participants) showed increased ERN in OCD (Hedge's g\u2009=\u20090.54[CIs:0.44,0.65]) and GTS (g\u2009=\u20090.99[CIs:0.05,1.93]). OCD also showed increased Pe (g\u2009=\u20090.51[CIs:0.21,0.81]) and FRN (g\u2009=\u20090.50[CIs:0.26,0.73]). ADHD and autism showed reduced ERN (ADHD: g=-0.47[CIs:-0.67,-0.26]; autism: g=-0.61[CIs:-1.10,-0.13]). ADHD also showed reduced Pe (g=-0.50[CIs:-0.69,-0.32]). These findings suggest overlap in electrophysiological markers of performance monitoring alterations in four common neurodevelopmental conditions, with increased amplitudes of the markers in OCD and GTS and decreased amplitudes in ADHD and autism. Implications of these findings in terms of shared and distinct performance monitoring alterations across these neurodevelopmental conditions are discussed. PROSPERO pre-registration code: CRD42019134612.""]"35886894,Modelling Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Using Mice and Zebrafish.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorders', 'mouse', 'neurodevelopmental disorders', 'zebrafish']","['Godfried Dougnon', 'Hideaki Matsui']","['Autism spectrum disorders (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are two debilitating neurodevelopmental disorders. The former is associated with social impairments whereas the latter is associated with inattentiveness, hyperactivity, and impulsivity. There is recent evidence that both disorders are somehow related and that genes may play a large role in these disorders. Despite mounting human and animal research, the neurological pathways underlying ASD and ADHD are still not well understood. Scientists investigate neurodevelopmental disorders by using animal models that have high similarities in genetics and behaviours with humans. Mice have been utilized in neuroscience research as an excellent animal model for a long time; however, the zebrafish has attracted much attention recently, with an increasingly large number of studies using this model. In this review, we first discuss ASD and ADHD aetiology from a general point of view to their characteristics and treatments. We also compare mice and zebrafish for their similarities and discuss their advantages and limitations in neuroscience. Finally, we summarize the most recent and existing research on zebrafish and mouse models of ASD and ADHD. We believe that this review will serve as a unique document providing interesting information to date about these models, thus facilitating research on ASD and ADHD.']"34003597,Prevalence and determinants of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) medication use during pregnancy: Results from the Quebec Pregnancy/Children Cohort.,"['Quebec Pregnancy Cohort', 'attention deficit/hyperactivity disorders (ADHD)', 'dosage', 'methylphenidate', 'non-stimulants', 'pregnancy', 'prenatal exposure', 'prevalence', 'stimulants']","['Maxim Lemelin', 'Takoua Boukhris', 'Jin-Ping Zhao', 'Odile Sheehy', 'Anick Bérard']","[StringElement('The use of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) medications has grown over the past decade among pregnant women, but these treatments are not without risk. Updated prevalence of ADHD medication use and whether prescribed dosages follow guidelines are needed. The aim of this study is to describe the prevalence of ADHD medication use among pregnant women-dosages and switches-and identify determinants of ADHD medication use.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS'}), StringElement('A population-based longitudinal cohort study within the Quebec Pregnancy/Children Cohort (QPC). Women aged 15-45\xa0years old covered by the RAMQ prescription drug plan for at least 12\xa0months before and during pregnancy from 1998 to 2015. ADHD medication exposure was assessed before and during pregnancy. We estimated odds ratios (ORs) for determinants of ADHD medication use during pregnancy with generalized estimating equations.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Among 428,505 included pregnant women, 1,130 (0.26%) used ADHD medication. A 14-fold increase in the prevalence of ADHD medication use in pregnant women was observed, from 1998 (0.08%) to 2015 (1.2%). Methylphenidate was the most prevalent medication at 70.1%. ADHD medication fillings were at optimal dosage 91.8% of the time based on guidelines and 18.1% of women switched to another ADHD medication class during gestation. Main determinants of ADHD medication use during pregnancy were psychiatric disorders (aOR 2.19; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.57, 2.96), mood and anxiety disorders (aOR 1.74; 95% CI 1.32, 2.24), and calendar year.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The number of pregnancies exposed to ADHD medications has increased similarly to the increase reported in other countries between 1998 and 2015. In addition to the current literature, the use of ADHD medications during pregnancy is consistent with Canadian guidelines recommendations on dosage.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31037396,Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in the Prison System.,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Offenders', 'Prison']","['Susan Young', 'Kelly M Cocallis']","[StringElement('To examine recent advances in the understanding of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among the prison population.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE OF REVIEW'}), StringElement('Efforts have been made to develop useful tools for assessing ADHD among prisoners. Prisoners with ADHD demonstrate incremental vulnerability due to comorbid psychiatric disorders, neurodevelopmental disorders and traumatic brain injury. Compared with prisoners without ADHD, prisoners with ADHD become involved in the criminal justice system at a younger age and have higher rates of recidivism in adulthood. Recent studies demonstrate the effectiveness of extended release stimulant medication and psychological interventions. Early identification and treatment of prisoners with ADHD have the potential to demonstrate health economic benefits. Our understanding of ADHD among prisoners continues to develop. However, further research is needed, particularly among neglected groups such as females. Much more attention is needed by the prison service to engender better outcomes for this at-risk population.', attributes={'Label': 'RECENT FINDINGS'})]"33057859,"Brief Report: Associations Between Cognitive Control Processes and Traits of Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD), attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Anxiety in Children at Elevated and Typical Familial Likelihood for ASD.","['Anxiety', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Autism spectrum disorder (ASD)', 'Cognitive flexibility', 'Conflict resolution', 'Inhibitory control']","['Priscilla B G Godoy', 'Elizabeth Shephard', 'Bosiljka Milosavljevic', 'Mark H Johnson', 'Tony Charman']","['Shared difficulties with cognitive control may play a role in co-occurring mental health problems frequently observed in autistic children. We investigated how different cognitive control processes (inhibitory control, conflict resolution, cognitive flexibility) associated with traits of autism spectrum disorder (ASD), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and anxiety in 7-year-old children at elevated (n = 44) and typical (n = 37) familial likelihood for ASD. Poor inhibitory control was associated with higher ADHD traits. Better inhibitory control and poorer cognitive flexibility predicted higher anxiety traits. Cognitive control processes were not associated dimensionally with autistic traits, though better conflict resolution predicted greater likelihood of meeting diagnostic criteria for ASD in categorical analysis. These findings suggest that different cognitive control alterations are associated with ASD, ADHD and anxiety.']"32787804,Females with ADHD: An expert consensus statement taking a lifespan approach providing guidance for the identification and treatment of attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder in girls and women.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Comorbidity', 'Consensus', 'Female', 'Girls', 'Identification', 'Interventions', 'Treatment', 'UKAP', 'Women']","['Susan Young', 'Nicoletta Adamo', 'Bryndís Björk Ásgeirsdóttir', 'Polly Branney', 'Michelle Beckett', 'William Colley', 'Sally Cubbin', 'Quinton Deeley', 'Emad Farrag', 'Gisli Gudjonsson', 'Peter Hill', 'Jack Hollingdale', 'Ozge Kilic', 'Tony Lloyd', 'Peter Mason', 'Eleni Paliokosta', 'Sri Perecherla', 'Jane Sedgwick', 'Caroline Skirrow', 'Kevin Tierney', 'Kobus van Rensburg', 'Emma Woodhouse']","[StringElement('There is evidence to suggest that the broad discrepancy in the ratio of males to females with diagnosed ADHD is due, at least in part, to lack of recognition and/or referral bias in females. Studies suggest that females with ADHD present with differences in their profile of symptoms, comorbidity and associated functioning compared with males. This consensus aims to provide a better understanding of females with ADHD in order to improve recognition and referral. Comprehensive assessment and appropriate treatment is hoped to enhance longer-term clinical outcomes and patient wellbeing for females with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The United Kingdom ADHD Partnership hosted a meeting of experts to discuss symptom presentation, triggers for referral, assessment, treatment and multi-agency liaison for females with ADHD across the lifespan.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A consensus was reached offering practical guidance to support medical and mental health practitioners working with females with ADHD. The potential challenges of working with this patient group were identified, as well as specific barriers that may hinder recognition. These included symptomatic differences, gender biases, comorbidities and the compensatory strategies that may mask or overshadow underlying symptoms of ADHD. Furthermore, we determined the broader needs of these patients and considered how multi-agency liaison may provide the support to meet them.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This practical approach based upon expert consensus will inform effective identification, treatment and support of girls and women with ADHD. It is important to move away from the prevalent perspective that ADHD is a behavioural disorder and attend to the more subtle and/or internalised presentation that is common in females. It is essential to adopt a lifespan model of care to support the complex transitions experienced by females that occur in parallel to change in clinical presentation and social circumstances. Treatment with pharmacological and psychological interventions is expected to have a positive impact leading to increased productivity, decreased resource utilization and most importantly, improved long-term outcomes for girls and women.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33428802,Animal models of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['animal models', 'attention-deficit hyperactive disorder', 'genetic models', 'hyperactivity', 'neurotransmission', 'pathogenesis', 'physical trauma models']","['Vikrant Rahi', 'Puneet Kumar']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a heterogeneous neuropsychiatric disorder characterized by three primary symptoms hyperactivity, attention deficit, and impulsiveness, observed in both children and adults. In childhood, this disorder is more common in boys than in girls, and at least 75% will continue to suffer from the disorder until adulthood. Individuals with ADHD generally have poor academic, occupational, and social functioning resulting from developmentally inappropriate levels of hyperactivity and impulsivity, as well as impaired ability to maintain attention on motivationally relevant tasks. Very few drugs available in clinical practice altogether abolish the symptoms of ADHD, therefore, to find new drugs and target it is essential to understand the neuropathological, neurochemical, and genetic alterations that lead to the progression of ADHD. With this contrast, an animal study is the best approach because animal models provide relatively fast invasive manipulation, rigorous hypothesis testing, as well as it provides a better angle to understand the pathological mechanisms involved in disease progression. Moreover, animal models, especially for ADHD, serve with good predictive validity would allow the assessment and development of new therapeutic interventions, with this aim, the present review collect the various animal models on a single platform so that the research can select an appropriate model to pursue his study.']"32001080,"Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and risk for non-affective psychotic disorder: The role of ADHD medication and comorbidity, and sibling comparison.","['Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Cohort', 'Epidemiology', 'Non-Affective psychotic disorder', 'Sweden']","['Emma Björkenstam', 'Matthias Pierce', 'Charlotte Björkenstam', 'Christina Dalman', 'Kyriaki Kosidou']","['Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is the most common psychiatric disorder in childhood. It is unclear whether ADHD increases the risk of non-affective psychotic disorder (NAPD). The study included a matched cohort, drawn from all born in Sweden 1987-1991 (n\u202f=\u202f548,852). ADHD was defined as ICD diagnosis and/or prescription of ADHD medication. We distinguished between stimulants and non-stimulants, and usage duration (<1\u202fyear, 1-2\u202fyears and ≥2\u202fyears). We calculated odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) for NAPD, adjusted for confounders, comorbid autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and substance abuse. ADHD cases were also compared to their unaffected full siblings. We analyzed 18,139 ADHD cases and 72,437 sex and birth year matched controls. NAPD was more common in cases than controls (2.7 and 0.4%, respectively). After adjustment for confounders, ADHD cases had markedly high risk for NAPD (OR: 6.99; 95% CI 6.03-8.10), which attenuated further after adjustment for ASD and substance abuse (OR: 2.57; 95% CI 2.09-3.16). Utilization of ADHD medication increased the risk for NAPD (ORs for change in odds of NAPD for every 5 extra prescriptions of stimulants 1.06 (95% CI 1.02-1.10) and, non-stimulants 1.15 (95% CI 1.01-1.30)). There was no association between usage length of medication and risk for NAPD. The risk was higher in individuals with ADHD than their unaffected siblings (OR: 2.95 (95% CI 2.07-4.20)). Overall, ADHD was associated with elevated risk for NAPD, which is not entirely explained by shared familial factors. The clinical severity leading to medical treatment may also increase NAPD risk. Ethics approval: Approved by the ethical committee in Stockholm, Sweden (dnrs: 2010-1185-31/5 and 2013/1118-32).']"33845359,The relationship between motor milestone achievement and childhood motor deficits in children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and children with Developmental Coordination Disorder.,"['Attention', 'Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Developmental Coordination Disorder', 'Motor']","['Jenna Lee', 'Leighanne A Mayall', 'Kathryn E Bates', 'Elisabeth L Hill', 'Hayley C Leonard', 'Emily K Farran']","[StringElement('The prevalence of motor impairment is high in ADHD, but we do not know if this stems from infancy.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('1) to compare the acquisition of motor milestones across three groups: Typically Developing (TD), Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Developmental Coordination Disorder (DCD); 2) to determine the relationship between current motor ability and ADHD characteristics in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""The parents of children aged 8-16 years (ADHD, N = 100; DCD, N = 66; TD, N = 40) completed three online questionnaires: Motor milestone questionnaire; Developmental Coordination Disorder Questionnaire (DCDQ'07) (concurrent motor ability); Conners 3 Parent Rating Scale Long Form (ADHD characteristics)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS AND PROCEDURES', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('When considered as a group, the ADHD group achieved motor milestones within a typical timeframe, despite concurrent motor impairments. Motor ability was not associated with ADHD characteristics. Latent Profile Analysis demonstrated that 56 % of the ADHD group and 48 % of the DCD group shared the same profile of motor milestone achievement, concurrent motor ability and ADHD characteristics.', attributes={'Label': 'OUTCOME AND RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Unlike children with DCD, the motor impairment often observed in ADHD is not evident from infancy. It is also not part of the ADHD phenotype. Individual differences analysis demonstrated the broad heterogeneity of the ADHD phenotype.', attributes={'Label': 'OUTCOMES AND CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'})]"34440925,Neurotherapeutics for Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): A Review.,"['EEG-neurofeedback', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'brain stimulation', 'fMRI-neurofeedback', 'functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI)', 'neurofeedback', 'transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS)', 'transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)', 'trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS)']","['Katya Rubia', 'Samuel Westwood', 'Pascal-M Aggensteiner', 'Daniel Brandeis']","['This review focuses on the evidence for neurotherapeutics for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). EEG-neurofeedback has been tested for about 45 years, with the latest meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials (RCT) showing small/medium effects compared to non-active controls only. Three small studies piloted neurofeedback of frontal activations in ADHD using functional magnetic resonance imaging or near-infrared spectroscopy, finding no superior effects over control conditions. Brain stimulation has been applied to ADHD using mostly repetitive transcranial magnetic and direct current stimulation (rTMS/tDCS). rTMS has shown mostly negative findings on improving cognition or symptoms. Meta-analyses of tDCS studies targeting mostly the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex show small effects on cognitive improvements with only two out of three studies showing clinical improvements. Trigeminal nerve stimulation has been shown to improve ADHD symptoms with medium effect in one RCT. Modern neurotherapeutics are attractive due to their relative safety and potential neuroplastic effects. However, they need to be thoroughly tested for clinical and cognitive efficacy across settings and beyond core symptoms and for their potential for individualised treatment.']"32248699,Association between exposure to air pollutants and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['Air pollutants', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'nitrogen oxides (NOx)', 'particulate matter (PM)', 'polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs)']","['Mengjie Zhang', 'Changhong Wang', 'Xinxin Zhang', 'Huiling Song', 'Yan Li']","['Recent studies have reached mixed conclusions regarding the association between exposure to air pollutants and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). We performed systematic review and meta-analysis to determine whether air pollutants were risk factors for the development of ADHD in children. We systematically searched databases for all relevant studies up to 2 July 2019. Together, the studies indicated that exposure to PAHs (risk ratio (RR): 0.98, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.82-1.17), NOx (RR: 1.04, 95% CI: 0.94-1.15), and PM (RR: 1.11, 95% CI: 0.93-1.33) did not have any material relationship with an increased risk of ADHD. Heterogeneity of study data was low (<i>I</i><sup>2</sup>: 2.7%, <i>P</i> =\xa00.409) for studies examining PAHs, but was substantial for NOx and PM (<i>I</i><sup>2</sup>: 68.4%, <i>P</i> =\xa00.007 and <i>I</i><sup>2</sup>: 60.1%, <i>P</i> =\xa00.014, respectively). However, these results should be interpreted with caution since the number of epidemiological studies investigating this issue were limited.']"34482360,The link between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms and obesity-related traits: genetic and prenatal explanations.,[],"['Ville Karhunen', 'Tom A Bond', 'Verena Zuber', 'Tuula Hurtig', 'Irma Moilanen', 'Marjo-Riitta Järvelin', 'Marina Evangelou', 'Alina Rodriguez']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) often co-occurs with obesity, however, the potential causality between the traits remains unclear. We examined both genetic and prenatal evidence for causality using Mendelian Randomisation (MR) and polygenic risk scores (PRS). We conducted bi-directional MR on ADHD liability and six obesity-related traits using summary statistics from the largest available meta-analyses of genome-wide association studies. We also examined the shared genetic aetiology between ADHD symptoms (inattention and hyperactivity) and body mass index (BMI) by PRS association analysis using longitudinal data from Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986 (NFBC1986, n\u2009=\u20092984). Lastly, we examined the impact of the prenatal environment by association analysis of maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and offspring ADHD symptoms, adjusted for PRS of both traits, in NFBC1986 dataset. Through MR analyses, we found evidence for bidirectional causality between ADHD liability and obesity-related traits. PRS association analyses showed evidence for genetic overlap between ADHD symptoms and BMI. We found no evidence for a difference between inattention and hyperactivity symptoms, suggesting that neither symptom subtype is driving the association. We found evidence for association between maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and offspring ADHD symptoms after adjusting for both BMI and ADHD PRS (association p-value\u2009=\u20090.027 for inattention, p\u2009=\u20090.008 for hyperactivity). These results are consistent with the hypothesis that the co-occurrence between ADHD and obesity has both genetic and prenatal environmental origins.']"35889876,Associations between Dietary Intake and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Scores by Repeated Measurements in School-Age Children.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'children', 'dietary intake', 'mental health', 'nutrients']","['Su-A Ryu', 'Yean-Jung Choi', 'Hyojin An', 'Ho-Jang Kwon', 'Mina Ha', 'Yun-Chul Hong', 'Soo-Jong Hong', 'Hyo-Jeong Hwang']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common psychiatric disorder in school-age children and adolescents. However, the reported associations between ADHD and single nutrient intake are inconsistent. The aim of the study was to investigate the relationships between dietary intake changes and the prevalence of ADHD over time with repeat measurements using data from the Children Health and Environment Research (CHEER). To assess changes over time, we used data obtained in 2006 and 2008 (Phases <sub>1</sub> and <sub>2</sub>). In this study, there were 2899 children aged 8 years or older in Phase <sub>1</sub> and 2120 children aged 9 years or older in Phase <sub>2</sub> from Korea, and the ADHD scores and dietary intake of 1733 children in Phases <sub>1</sub> and <sub>2</sub> were used in the final analysis. The YN group refers to children whose disease had improved in Phase <sub>2</sub>, and the NY group refers to children diagnosed with ADHD in Phase <sub>2</sub>. A notable within-group result was the increase in vegetable protein (<i>p</i> = 0.03) in the YN group. A between-group comparison showed that significant changes in nutrient intake could be confirmed most in the NY group, and the YN group tended to have a lower nutrient intake than the NY group. In the correlation of changes in nutrient intake and three subtypes (combined, AD, and HD), the total fat (<i>p</i> = 0.048) and animal protein (<i>p</i> = 0.099) showed a positive correlation with the prevalence of AD. Vegetable iron (<i>p</i> = 0.061 and <i>p</i> = 0.044, respectively), zinc (<i>p</i> = 0.022 and <i>p</i> = 0.007, respectively), vegetable protein (<i>p</i> = 0.074), and calcium (<i>p</i> = 0.057) had inhibitory effects on ADHD and its subtype. In conclusion, management of dietary and nutritional status should be considered to ameliorate ADHD and its subtypes in school-age children, and these relationships require further exploration in other settings.']"33689060,Exploring Elementary Schoolteachers' Perceptions of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in Northern Jordan.,"['ADHD', 'Elementary schoolteachers', 'Jordan', 'Perceptions']","['Manar AlAzzam', 'Loai Tawalbeh', 'Majedah Abu Al-Rub', 'Abdullah Khamaiseh', 'Mohammed ALBashtawy', 'Mohammad Barahemah', 'Manar Eyadat', 'Robin J Poedel']","[""The purpose of this study was to ascertain elementary schoolteachers' perceptions of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in northern Jordan. This study utilized a descriptive cross-sectional research design using a self-reporting questionnaire to gather data from elementary schoolteachers in northern Jordan from February to June 2019. The results indicate that elementary schoolteachers in northern Jordan have negative perceptions regarding ADHD and its causes, treatment, and diagnosis. The lack of professional pre-service training and education about children's behavioral problems overall, but especially regarding ADHD knowledge and management of children with ADHD was found to be deficient among our sample of elementary schoolteachers. The pronounced lack of research on teacher management of ADHD in children in Jordan may have contributed to these findings. Structured educational and training programs addressing children with ADHD should be implemented to enhance teachers' knowledge about ADHD and to improve their role in helping the affected children and their families.""]"31445873,Effects of Childhood and Adult Persistent Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder on Risk of Motor Vehicle Crashes: Results From the Multimodal Treatment Study of Children With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['ADHD persistence', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'comorbidity', 'driving', 'motor vehicle crashes']","['Arunima Roy', 'Annie A Garner', 'Jeffery N Epstein', 'Betsy Hoza', 'J Quyen Nichols', 'Brooke S G Molina', 'James M Swanson', 'L Eugene Arnold', 'Lily Hechtman']","[StringElement('To determine motor vehicle crash (MVC) risk in adults with a history of childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and persistent ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Participants with (n\xa0= 441) and without (n\xa0= 239; local normative comparison group) childhood ADHD from the Multimodal Treatment of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (MTA) Study were included. Participants provided self-reports on total number of MVCs they had been involved in and the time of licensure. Driving experience was estimated as the number of months since licensure. Total number of MVCs by adulthood was regressed on baseline ADHD status adjusting for sex, age at follow-up, driving experience, baseline oppositional defiant disorder/conduct disorder comorbidity, baseline household income level, adult oppositional defiant disorder/conduct disorder symptoms, adolescent and adult substance use, and adult antisocial personality disorder symptoms. We repeated the analysis using adult ADHD status (persistent versus desistant versus local normative comparison group) and symptom level as the predictor variables. Results are presented as incidence rate ratio (IRR) and CI.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Childhood ADHD was associated with a higher number of MVCs (IRR\xa0= 1.45, CI\xa0= 1.15-1.82), and adult ADHD symptom persistence was associated with more MVCs than desistance (IRR\xa0= 1.46, CI\xa0= 1.14-1.86). ADHD desistance was not associated with a significantly increased risk for MVCs compared with the local normative comparison group (IRR\xa0= 1.24, CI\xa0= 0.96-1.61). Concurrent symptoms of inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity predicted MVC risk.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Persistence of ADHD into adulthood is a stronger predictor of MVC risk than childhood-limited ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'}), StringElement('Multimodal Treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (MTA) Study; https://clinicaltrials.gov; NCT00000388.', attributes={'Label': 'CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION INFORMATION'})]"33751467,Neuroimaging of Supraventricular Frontal White Matter in Children with Familial Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Due to Prenatal Alcohol Exposure.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Diffusion tensor imaging', 'Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder', 'Magnetic resonance spectroscopy', 'Tower test', 'White matter']","['Jeffry R Alger', ""Joseph O'Neill"", ""Mary J O'Connor"", 'Guldamla Kalender', 'Ronald Ly', 'Andrea Ng', 'Andrea Dillon', 'Katherine L Narr', 'Sandra K Loo', 'Jennifer G Levitt']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is common in patients with (ADHD+PAE) and without (ADHD-PAE) prenatal alcohol exposure (PAE). Many patients diagnosed with idiopathic ADHD actually have covert PAE, a treatment-relevant distinction. To improve differential diagnosis, we sought to identify brain differences between ADHD+PAE and ADHD-PAE using neurobehavioral, magnetic resonance spectroscopy, and diffusion tensor imaging metrics that had shown promise in past research. Children 8-13 were recruited in three groups: 23 ADHD+PAE, 19 familial ADHD-PAE, and 28 typically developing controls (TD). Neurobehavioral instruments included the Conners 3 Parent Behavior Rating Scale and the Delis-Kaplan Executive Function System (D-KEFS). Two dimensional magnetic resonance spectroscopic imaging was acquired from supraventricular white matter to measure N-acetylaspartate compounds, glutamate, creatine\u2009+\u2009phosphocreatine (creatine), and choline-compounds (choline). Whole brain diffusion tensor imaging was acquired and used to to calculate fractional anisotropy, mean diffusivity, axial diffusivity, and radial diffusivity from the same superventricular white matter regions that produced magnetic resonance spectroscopy data. The Conners 3 Parent Hyperactivity/Impulsivity Score, glutamate, mean diffusivity, axial diffusivity, and radial diffusivity were all higher in ADHD+PAE than ADHD-PAE. Glutamate was lower in ADHD-PAE than TD. Within ADHD+PAE, inferior performance on the D-KEFS Tower Test correlated with higher neurometabolite levels. These findings suggest white matter differences between the PAE and familial etiologies of ADHD. Abnormalities detected by magnetic resonance spectroscopy and diffusion tensor imaging co-localize in supraventricular white matter and are relevant to executive function symptoms of ADHD.']"35691145,A systematic review of the use of atomoxetine for management of comorbid anxiety disorders in children and adolescents with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'ADHD and anxiety', 'anxiety', 'atomoxetine', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'child and adolescent psychiatry', 'comorbidity', 'management', 'non-stimulant', 'psychopharmacotherapy', 'stimulant', 'systematic review']","['Mohamed Adil Shah Khoodoruth', 'Sami Ouanes', 'Yasser Saeed Khan']","[StringElement('Anxiety disorders are among the most common comorbid mental disorders in children and adolescents with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). While the role of atomoxetine, a non-stimulant medication, is well-established in the management of ADHD symptoms since two decades, there is a dearth of evidence regarding its efficacy in the management of anxiety disorders in children and adolescents with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""We aimed to provide insights into (1) the comparative efficacy of atomoxetine in children and adolescents with comorbid ADHD and anxiety disorders, (2) change in severity of anxiety symptoms based on patients', parents', and clinicians' ratings, (3) tolerability and side effects."", attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We searched PubMed, EMBASE, and PsycINFO for clinical trials that addressed the efficacy of atomoxetine for anxiety symptoms in children and adolescents with ADHD. All published literature was systematically reviewed.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We included four studies, out of which two specifically addressed comorbid ADHD and anxiety disorder. The studies suggested that atomoxetine did not exacerbate and in fact reduced anxiety symptoms in young patients with comorbid ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""Overall, atomoxetine demonstrates good efficacy in improving anxiety symptoms in children and adolescents with ADHD. Further studies are needed to shed light on atomoxetine's efficacy for anxiety subtypes in ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31514566,Vitamin D deficiency in school-age Iranian children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms: A critical comparison with healthy controls.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'child development', 'diet', 'gender difference', 'vitamin D status']","['Bahareh Fasihpour', 'Heshmat Moayeri', 'Mamak Shariat', 'Zarrintaj Keihanidoust', 'Mohammad Effatpanah', 'Leila Khedmat']","[""The associations between serum vitamin D levels and the severity of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms were assessed among Iranian hospitalized children (50 ADHD cases and 50 healthy (non-ADHD) controls) during 2014-2015. Levels of ADHD severity and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD) were determined by the Conners' Parent Rating Scale (CPRS) test and an ELISA kit, respectively. The serum 25OHD concentrations of <10, 10-29, and >30\xa0ng/mL were respectively considered as deficient (severe deficiency), insufficient (mild deficiency), and sufficient levels of vitamin D. The association of nutrient bioavailability with ADHD was evaluated by statistical and regression analyses.There was no significant difference in the mean of socio-demographic variables (e.g., gender, age, weight, BMI, daily intake of dairy products, and daily sunlight exposure) between ADHD and non-ADHD subjects. The mean serum 25OHD concentration (16.57\xa0±\xa09.09\xa0ng/mL) was found to be significantly lower in ADHD children with more parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels as compared to controls (22.01\xa0±\xa012.67ng/mL). The sufficient 25OHD concentration was more predominant in the controls than the cases (p\xa0=\xa00.002). A severe deficiency of vitamin D was more found in children with ADHD (3.36 times). There was a negative and significant association between the participants' age and their serum 25OHD levels. Although 25OHD levels in boys were significantly more than those in girls, the reduction of serum 25OHD concentration among boys with ADHD was more severe compared to the patient girls(p\xa0=\xa00.014). The results support the importance of vitamins D role in ADHD patients through the regular monitoring of serum 25OHD levels.""]"31177787,Novel approach to evaluate central autonomic regulation in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,[],"['N Sekaninova', 'M Mestanik', 'A Mestanikova', 'A Hamrakova', 'I Tonhajzerova']","[""Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most commonly diagnosed developmental disorders in childhood characterized by hyperactivity, impulsivity and inattention. ADHD manifests in the child's development by deficits in cognitive, executive and perceptor-motor functions, emotional regulation and social adaptation. Although the exact cause has not yet been known, the crucial role in the development of this disease plays the interaction of genetic, neurobiological and epigenetic factors. According to current knowledge, ADHD is defined as a biological dysfunction of central nervous system with genetically or organically defined deficits in noradrenergic and dopaminergic neurotransmission associated with structural abnormalities, especially in prefronto-striatal regions. In this context, a significant part of the difficulties could be due to a faulty control of fronto-striato-thalamo-cortical circuits important for attention, arousal and executive functions. Moreover, ADHD is associated with abnormal autonomic regulation. Specifically, reduced cardiac-linked parasympathetic activity associated with relative sympathetic dominance indexed by low heart rate variability can represent a noninvasive marker for prefrontal hypoactivity. However, the mechanisms underlying altered autonomic regulation in ADHD are still unknown. In this aspect, the evaluation of central autonomic regulation by noninvasive methods, namely pupillometry and eye-tracking, may provide novel information for better understanding of the neurobiological pathomechanisms leading to ADHD.""]"31502500,"Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Subtypes, Co-Occurring Psychiatric Symptoms and Sexual Risk Behaviors among Adolescents Receiving Substance Abuse Treatment.","[' gender', 'ADHD', 'adolescents', 'psychiatric symptoms', 'sexual risk behaviors', 'substance abuse treatment']","['Timothy Regan', 'Jonathan Tubman']","['<i>Background</i>: Adolescents entering substance abuse treatment report clustered psychiatric symptoms and sexual risk behaviors representing differential levels of impairment and risk for maladaptive health outcomes. <i>Objectives</i>: To examine the prevalence of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) subtypes among adolescents receiving outpatient substance abuse treatment; To document group differences in (a) past-year psychiatric symptom scores and (b) sexual risk behaviors by ADHD subtype and gender. <i>Methods</i>: Self-report data were collected via structured interviews from 394 adolescents (280 males, <i>M</i>\u2009=\u200916.33\u2009years, <i>SD</i>\u2009=\u20091.15\u2009years), enrolled in an HIV/STI risk reduction intervention for adolescents receiving outpatient substance abuse treatment. ADHD diagnostic subtypes and other past-year psychiatric symptoms were assessed using the Brief Michigan Version of the Composite Internal Diagnostic Interview (UM-CIDI). Adolescents provided self-report data on sexual risk behaviors. <i>Results</i>: Multivariate analyses of variance (MANOVAs) documented that Inattentive and Hyperactive-Impulsive ADHD subtypes were significantly associated with higher scores for all past-year psychiatric symptoms. The combined ADHD subtype was significantly associated with higher scores for all psychiatric symptoms except affective disorder. Girls reported significantly higher mean symptoms than boys for alcohol abuse and dependence, anxiety, and affective disorder symptoms. Sexual risk behavior scores were not associated with ADHD status, but girls reported consistently higher scores for multiple risk behavior outcomes. Several psychiatric disorder symptoms were significant covariates of multiple sexual risk behaviors. <i>Conclusion/Importance</i>: Brief screenings for ADHD, other psychiatric disorders and sexual risk behaviors can provide data for tailoring substance abuse services to improve adolescent health outcomes for high-risk subgroups.']"29872928,Increased risk of developing psychiatric disorders in children with attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) receiving sensory integration therapy: a population-based cohort study.,"['Affective disorder', 'Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder', 'Conduct disorder', 'Non-western country', 'Psychiatric disorders', 'Sensory integration']","['Ruu-Fen Tzang', 'Yue-Cune Chang', 'Kai-Liang Kao', 'Yu-Hsin Huang', 'Hui-Chun Huang', 'Yu-Chiao Wang', 'Chih-Hsin Muo', 'Shu-I Wu', 'Fung-Chang Sung', 'Robert Stewart']","['Parents of children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have been found to prefer sensory integration (SI) training rather than guideline-recommended ADHD treatment. This study investigated whether SI intervention for children with ADHD was associated with a reduced risk of subsequent mental disorders. From children <\u20098-years-old newly diagnosed with ADHD in a nationwide population-based dataset, we established a SI cohort and a non-SI cohort (N\xa0=\xa0\u20091945) matched by propensity score. Incidence and hazard ratios of subsequent psychiatric disorders were compared after a maximum follow-up of 9\xa0years. The incidence of psychiatric disorders was 1.4-fold greater in the SI cohort, with an adjusted hazard ratio of 1.41 (95% confidence interval 1.20-1.67), comparing to the non-SI cohort. Risks were elevated for emotional disturbances, conduct disorders, and adjustment disorders independent of age, gender, or comorbidity. Among children with only psychosocial intervention, the incidence of psychiatric disorders was 3.5-fold greater in the SI cohort than in the non-SI cohort. To our knowledge, this is the first study to report an increased risk of developing psychiatric disorders for children with ADHD who received SI compared to those who did not. Potential adverse effects of SI for ADHD children should be carefully examined and discussed before practice.']"34574409,Relationship between Bullying Victimization and Quality of Life in Adolescents with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in Taiwan: Mediation of the Effects of Emotional Problems and ADHD and Oppositional Defiant Symptoms.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'bullying victimization', 'children', 'emotional problems', 'oppositional defiant disorder', 'psychological well-being', 'quality of life']","['Chien-Wen Lin', 'Kun-Hua Lee', 'Ray C Hsiao', 'Wen-Jiun Chou', 'Cheng-Fang Yen']","[""This cross-sectional study investigated the mediating effects of emotional problems including depression, anxiety, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) symptoms on the association between bullying victimization and quality of life (QoL) among adolescents with ADHD in Taiwan. A total of 171 adolescents diagnosed as having ADHD participated in this study. Adolescents completed the School Bullying Experience Questionnaire, the Taiwanese Quality of Life Questionnaire for Adolescents, the Taiwanese version of the Children's Depression Inventory and the Multidimensional Anxiety Scale for Children. Caregivers completed the Chinese version of the Swanson, Nolan, and Pelham Version IV Scale. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to examine the relationships among the variables. The results of SEM revealed that bullying victimization indirectly correlated with QoL through the mediation of emotional problems in adolescents with ADHD, whereas ADHD and ODD symptoms did not mediate the association between bullying victimization and QoL. Bullying victimization should be actively prevented and intervened on to ensure better QoL in adolescents with ADHD. Moreover, emotional problems should be alleviated among adolescents with ADHD with bullying victimization experience to maintain their QoL.""]"31722690,Does the treatment of anxiety in children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) using cognitive behavioral therapy improve child and family outcomes? Protocol for a randomized controlled trial.,"['ADHD', 'Anxiety', 'Child', 'Efficacy', 'Randomized controlled trial', 'Treatment']","['Emma Sciberras', 'Daryl Efron', 'Pooja Patel', 'Melissa Mulraney', 'Katherine J Lee', 'Cathy Mihalopoulos', 'Lidia Engel', 'Ronald M Rapee', 'Vicki Anderson', 'Jan M Nicholson', 'Rachel Schembri', 'Harriet Hiscock']","[StringElement('Up to 60% of children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) meet diagnostic criteria for at least one anxiety disorder, including Social, Generalized and/or Separation Disorder. Anxiety in children with ADHD has been shown to be associated with poorer child and family functioning. Small pilot studies suggest that treating anxiety in children with ADHD using cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) has promising benefits. In a fully powered randomized controlled trial (RCT), we aim to investigate the efficacy of an existing CBT intervention adapted for children with ADHD and comorbid anxiety compared with usual care.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""This RCT is recruiting children aged 8-12\u2009years (N\u2009=\u2009228) from pediatrician practices in Victoria, Australia. Eligibility criteria include meeting full diagnostic criteria for ADHD and at least one anxiety disorder (Generalized, Separation or Social). Eligible children are randomized to receive a 10 session CBT intervention (Cool Kids) versus usual clinical care from their pediatrician. The intervention focuses on building child and parent skills and strategies to manage anxiety and associated impairments including cognitive restructuring and graded exposure. Minor adaptations have been made to the delivery of the intervention to meet the needs of children with ADHD including increased use of visual materials and breaks between activities. The primary outcome is change in the proportion of children meeting diagnostic criteria for an anxiety disorder at 5\u2009months randomization. This will be assessed via diagnostic interview with the child's parent (Anxiety Disorders Interview Schedule for Children V) conducted by a researcher blinded to intervention condition. Secondary outcomes include a range of child (e.g., anxiety symptoms, ADHD severity, behavior, quality of life, sleep, cognitive functioning, school attendance) and parent (e.g., mental health, parenting behaviors, work attendance) domains of functioning assessed at 5 and 12\u2009months post-randomization. Outcomes will be analyzed using logistic and mixed effects regression."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The results from this study will provide evidence on whether treating comorbid anxiety in children with ADHD using a CBT approach leads to improvements in anxiety and/or broader functional outcomes.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION'}), StringElement('This trial was prospectively registered: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN59518816\xa0(https://doi.org/10.1186/ISRCTN59518816). The trial was first registered 29/9/15 and last updated 15/1/19.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION'})]"35397599,In transition with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): children's services clinicians' perspectives on the role of information in healthcare transitions for young people with ADHD.,"['ADHD', 'Adolescent', 'Information', 'Mental health', 'Qualitative', 'Transition']","['Anna Price', 'Siobhan Mitchell', 'Astrid Janssens', 'Helen Eke', 'Tamsin Ford', 'Tamsin Newlove-Delgado']","[StringElement(""National clinical guidelines emphasise the need for good communication of information by clinicians to young people and their parent/carers about what to expect during transition into adult services. Recent research indicates that of young people in need of transition for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), only a minority experience continuity of care into adulthood, with additional concerns about quality of transition. This qualitative analysis explored the role that information plays in the transition from child to adult mental health services for young people with ADHD, from the perspectives of clinicians working in children's services."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Participants were recruited from National Health Service (NHS) Trusts located across the United Kingdom (UK), with varying service configurations. Twenty-two qualitative interviews were conducted with 15 paediatricians and seven psychiatrists working in child services and supporting young people with ADHD. The Framework Method was used to complete a thematic analysis of data related to the role of information in transitional care.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Two themes were identified in relation to the role of information in supporting transition and promoting continuity of care. Information for clinicians; about adult mental health services, the young person and their ADHD, and exchanged between services. Sharing information with young people; about transition processes, self-management, to support service engagement, and tailored to be accessible to young people with ADHD. Clinicians in children's services reported variable access to information. Clear protocols and being able to communicate about ADHD as a long-term condition, were described as having a positive impact on the transition process."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These findings illustrate that clear information on the transition process, and communication of evidence based and up-to-date information on ADHD as a long-term condition are essential components for clinicians supporting transition into adult services. Information exchange can be supported through transition discussions with young people, and joint meetings between services Discussions should be accompanied by accessible resources for young people and parents/carers such as leaflets and websites. Further efforts should be focussed on enabling clinicians to provide timely and appropriate information to young people with ADHD to support transition.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33715085,The effect of dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet on attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms: a randomized controlled clinical trial.,"['Attention-deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Children', 'DASH', 'Diet', 'Dietary approaches to stop hypertension', 'Randomized controlled clinical trial']","['Yadollah Khoshbakht', 'Fatemeh Moghtaderi', 'Reza Bidaki', 'Mahdieh Hosseinzadeh', 'Amin Salehi-Abargouei']","[StringElement('The dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet have several components like high amounts of fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy products, and vitamin C and low amounts of simple sugars that might improve attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms. We aimed to investigate the effect of a DASH diet on children (aged 6-12\xa0years) with ADHD, for the first time.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""Participants were randomized to receive a DASH or a control diet for 12\xa0weeks. The severity of ADHD symptoms [determined by abbreviated 10-item Conner's scale (ACS), 18-item Swanson, Nolan and Pelham (SNAP-IV) scale and strengths and difficulties questionnaire (SDQ)] were assessed every four weeks."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Eighty children completed the study. After adjustment for confounders, parent (-\u20094.71 for the DASH group vs. -\u20093 for the control group) and teacher-reported (-\u20095.35 vs. -\u20091.87) ACS scores, parent-, teacher-, child-reported hyperactivity (-\u20091.40 vs. -\u20090.66, -\u20091.95 vs. -0.63, -\u20091.60 vs. -\u20090.43, respectively), emotional symptoms (-\u20091.50 vs. -\u20090.45, -\u20091.42 vs. -\u20090.63, and -\u20091.09 vs. -\u20090.61, respectively), and total SDQ scores (-\u20093.81 vs. -\u20091.65, -\u20094.11 vs. -\u20091.23, -\u20094.44 vs. -\u20091.26, respectively), teacher-reported of conduct problems (-\u20091.42 vs. -\u20090.63), peer relationship problems (-\u20090.87 vs. -\u20090.07), and prosocial behaviors (1.36 vs. 0.08) assessed by the SDQ were significantly improved in the DASH group compared with the control group (P\u2009<\u20090.05).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Adherence to a DASH-style diet might improve ADHD symptoms. Further RCTs which include participants from both sexes and with longer follow-up periods are needed to warrant current findings (The trial registration code: IRCT20130223012571N6; http://irct.ir/trial/12623 ). Trial registration Trial registration number: The trial was registered in the Iranian registry of clinical trials (registration code: IRCT20130223012571N6), URL: http://irct.ir/trial/12623 .', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32763545,Perceived stress partially accounts for the association between Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) symptoms and suicidal ideation among students.,"['ADHD', 'Cohort study', 'Path analysis', 'Perceived stress', 'Students', 'Suicidal ideation']","['Antoine Gbessemehlan', 'Julie Arsandaux', 'Massimiliano Orri', 'Ilaria Montagni', 'Melissa Macalli', 'Marie Tournier', 'Christophe Tzourio', 'Cédric Galéra']","['The association between Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and suicidal ideation has been the focus of recent research interest among youths and young adults. However, the role perceived stress plays in this association is unclear. We investigated whether perceived stress accounts for the association between ADHD and subsequent suicidal ideation among French students enrolled in the i-Share cohort. The associations between ADHD symptoms, perceived stress at baseline, and suicidal ideation during follow-up were investigated using logistic regression models, and Structural Equation Modeling was used to estimate the indirect effect via perceived stress. In total 4333 participants (median age: 20.3 years; [interquartile range: 18.7-21.8]) were included in the main analyses. ADHD was associated with suicidal ideation (adjusted Odds Ratio\xa0=\xa01.15 [95% Confidence Interval: 1.04-1.26]). Perceived stress partially accounts for the association between ADHD and suicidal ideation (proportion explained 49%). Our study suggests that ADHD and perceived stress represent mental health targets for suicide prevention programs.']"35673295,Socio-Demographic and Clinical Profiles of Adult Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Patients in a University Hospital in Oman.,"['Adult', 'Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Comorbidity', 'Neurodevelopmental Disorder', 'Oman', 'Psychiatry']","['Hassan Mirza', 'Salim Al-Huseini', 'Shamsa Al-Jamoodi', 'Naser Al-Balushi', 'Amira Al-Hosni', 'Moon-Fai Chan', 'Fahad Zadjali']","[StringElement(""Although attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is typically considered a condition affecting children, there is evidence that children diagnosed with ADHD continue to suffer from this condition after the age of 18. This study aimed to describe the socio-demographic and clinical characteristics of adult ADHD patients in Oman and evaluate their association with the disorder's different subtypes."", attributes={'Label': 'Objectives', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('This retrospective study included adult patients with ADHD from the outpatient clinic at Sultan Qaboos University Hospital, Muscat, Oman. Data from medical records from January 2018 to April 2020 were collected. Socio-demographic characteristics, clinical profiles and psychiatric comorbidities were examined.', attributes={'Label': 'Methods', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('This study included 100 adults who fulfilled the standard diagnosis of ADHD, with 54.0% (n = 54) and 46.0% (n = 46) from the inattentive and combined subtypes, respectively. It was found that ADHD was more prevalent among males (64.0%) than females (36.0%), with the inattentive subtype being more predominant among females. The ADHD patients with the inattentive subtype were associated with comorbid substance use disorders (odds ratio [OR] = 11.29; <i>P</i> = 0.049), personality disorders (OR = 7.96; <i>P</i> = 0.017) and major depressive disorder (OR = 15.94; <i>P</i> = 0.002) compared to patients predominantly with the combined subtype.', attributes={'Label': 'Results', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('This study echoes the findings from the current literature that adult patients with ADHD commonly have comorbid psychiatric disorders, leading to significant functional impairment. Psychiatric comorbidities must be identified and urgently treated for better clinical and functional outcomes in adult patients with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusion', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'})]"31187336,Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children with epilepsy.,"['Antiepileptic drugs', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Children', 'Comorbid', 'Epilepsy']","['Man Wang', 'Qin Zhao', 'Huicong Kang', 'Suiqiang Zhu']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common comorbidity of childhood epilepsy. ADHD symptoms in children with epilepsy have been studied since 1970s in western countries. However, relative studies are still rather limited in China.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To study the incidence rate of ADHD in children with epilepsy, and further analyze the relationship of epilepsy and ADHD in China.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('206 children (age 6-16) with epilepsy and 58 healthy controls underwent assessment instruments (DSM-IV ADHD, ADHD Rating Scale-IV, and SNAP-IV Rating Scale).', attributes={'Label': 'MATERIALS AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The prevalence of comorbid ADHD was significantly higher in children with epilepsy (24.76%) than that in controls (5.17%), and inattentive subtype (ADHD-I, 14.1%) was the most prevalent. ADHD in childhood epilepsy was associated with younger age, early first onset age, and high frequency of epileptic seizures. There was no significant difference of ADHD incidence rate regarding the seizure type and abnormal electroencephalogram (EEG) discharges. The ADHD comorbidity rate in children treated with antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) (27.6%) was higher than that without AEDs therapy (14.0%); multiple AEDs were associated with a higher rate of ADHD comorbidity as compared with single AEDs. The incidence of comorbid ADHD in epileptic children treated with traditional single AEDs was significantly higher than those treated with novel single AEDs.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Children with epilepsy have more attention problems as compared with healthy controls. ADHD in childhood epilepsy is associated with male sex, younger age, early first onset age, high frequency of epileptic seizures, and multiple AEDs.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34983749,SLEEP: intervention with weighted blankets for children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and sleep problems: study protocol for a randomised control trial.,"['child & adolescent psychiatry', 'developmental neurology & neurodisability', 'sleep medicine']","['Ingrid Larsson', 'Katarina Aili', 'Jens M Nygren', 'Pia Johansson', 'Håkan Jarbin', 'Petra Svedberg']","[StringElement(""Children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have an increased risk of sleep problems. Weighted blankets are one possible non-pharmacological intervention for these problems in this group of children. However, the effectiveness of weighted blankets is insufficiently investigated. This study aims to investigate the effectiveness of weighted blankets in terms of sleep, health-related outcomes and cost-effectiveness as well as to explore children's and parents' experiences of a sleep intervention with weighted blankets."", attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This study is a randomised placebo-controlled crossover trial comparing the effect of weighted fibre blankets (active) with fibre blankets without weight (control). Children aged 6-13 years, recently diagnosed with uncomplicated ADHD with verified sleep problems, were included in the study. The study period is 4 weeks for each condition, respectively, and then an 8-week follow-up. A total of 100 children diagnosed with ADHD and sleep problems will enter the study. The primary outcomes are sleep and cost per quality-adjusted life years. The secondary outcomes are health-related quality of life, ADHD symptoms, psychological distress and anxiety. Interviews with a subsample of the participating children and parents will be conducted for exploring the experiences of the intervention.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS AND ANALYSIS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Ethical approval of the trial has been obtained from the Swedish Ethical Review Authority (number 2019--2158) and conforms to the principles outlined in the Declaration of Helsinki (WMA, 2013). Results will be reported as presentations at peer-review conferences, in articles in peer-review journals and meetings with healthcare providers.', attributes={'Label': 'ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('NCT04180189.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"34272785,"Examining the roles of cognitive flexibility, emotion recognition, and metacognitions in adult Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder with predominantly inattentive presentation.","['attention deficit', 'cognitive flexibility', 'emotion recognition', 'hyperactivity', 'metacognitions, symptom severity']","['Orkun Aydın', 'Kuzeymen Balıkçı', 'İpek Sönmez', 'Pınar Ünal-Aydın', 'Marcantonio M Spada']","['The evaluation of cognitive functions in Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is fundamental to improve the efficacy of therapeutic interventions. However, the role of specific higher-order cognitive functions in adult ADHD, including cognitive flexibility, emotion recognition, and metacognitions, remains unclear. Therefore, in the current study, we aimed to examine these three distinct higher-order cognitive functions among adult ADHD individuals. Forty patients with ADHD with predominantly inattentive presentation and 42 healthy controls participated in the study. The Adult Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder Scale (AADHDS), the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST), the Reading the Mind in the Eyes Test (RMET), and the Metacognitions Questionnaire-30 (MCQ-30) were administered. Results indicated that patients with ADHD had worse metacognitions scores, in specific subdimensions, relative to healthy controls. However, cognitive flexibility and emotion recognition did not differ between the groups. Moreover, the cognitive confidence subdimension of the MCQ-30 was found to be sole significant predictor in the attention deficit subdimension of the AADHDS. Our findings suggest that lack of cognitive confidence may contribute to ADHD symptomatology despite regularly functioning cognitive flexibility and emotion recognition. Therefore, metacognitions could be a suitable target to alleviate the severity of ADHD symptoms.']"35964954,Prevalence of obesity in treated and untreated patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: A meta-analysis.,"['ADHD', 'attention deficit', 'hyperactivity disorder', 'obesity', 'overweight', 'psychostimulants']","['Fatimah AlAhmari', 'Mohy Uddin']","[StringElement('To discuss and summarize the scholarly published literature on the difference in obesity rate in treated and untreated attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) patients to evaluate the influence of ADHD medication on weight status in these individuals.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('PubMed, Cochrane Library, and Google Scholar databases were searched for eligible articles from January to December 2020 using the following medical subject headings (MeSH) terms: ""attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and other hyperactivity disorders"", ""obesity and overweight"", ""obesity treatment"".', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 19,449 study participants included in selected 8 studies were assessed with respect to the prevalence of obesity in medicated and unmedicated subgroups of ADHD patients. The total number of ADHD patients with the prescribed medication was 10,279, while the number of unmedicated ADHD patients was 9,170. The odds ratio was 0.65 with a 95% confidence interval of 0.50 to 0.84 favoring regular medical treatment for management of obesity in case of patients with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The prevalence of obesity observed in treated ADHD patients was significantly lower compared to that in unmedicated patients. This result suggests that the treatment is not only important for controlling ADHD manifestations but is also associated with lower body mass index. Therefore, further prospective studies with large sample size are required for controlling the confounding factors such as comorbidities and medication status.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34144449,Association between sensory modulation and sleep difficulties in children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Sensory modulation', 'Sleep', 'Sleep difficulties']","['Aviva Mimouni-Bloch', 'Hagar Offek', 'Batya Engel-Yeger', 'Sara Rosenblum', 'Edith Posener', 'Zmira Silman', 'Riva Tauman']","[StringElement('Sleep difficulties have been reported in up to 85% of children with Attention Deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Children with ADHD exhibit commonly sensory modulation difficulties (SMD) and experience more significant functional difficulties. Sleep difficulties have also been associated with SMD. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether SMD are associated with sleep difficulties in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""We assessed sleep difficulties using the Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire, and SMD using the Short Sensory Profile (SSP) questionnaire. A total of 25 children with ADHD and atypical sensory profiles, 13 children with ADHD and typical sensory profiles and 38 children used as controls (all children aged 8-11 years) were included."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Sleep difficulties were detected in 86.4% of children with ADHD and atypical SSPs, as compared to 30.8% of children with ADHD and typical SSPs, and 16.7% of controls. A multivariate logistic regression revealed that children with ADHD and atypical SSPs had significantly increased odds for sleep difficulties as compared to controls (OR\xa0=\xa032.4; 95% CI 4.0-260.1, p\xa0=\xa00.001), while children with ADHD and typical SSPs were indistinguishable from controls. Suspected confounders (gender, age, mother's education, and stimulant therapy) did not contribute to sleep difficulties."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In this pilot study, SMD were associated with sleep difficulties in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34397296,"[International Consensus Statement for the Screening, Diagnosis, and Treatment of Adolescents with Concurrent Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Substance Use Disorder].","['Adolescents', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity', 'Aufmerksamkeitsdefizit-/Hyperaktivitätsstörung', 'Consensus statement', 'Jugendliche', 'Konsenserklärung', 'Störungen durch Substanzgebrauch', 'Substance use disorder', 'disorder']","['Heval Özgen', 'Renske Spijkerman', 'Moritz Noack', 'Martin Holtmann', 'Arnt S A Schellekens', 'Geurt van de Glind', 'Tobias Banaschewski', 'Csaba Barta', 'Alex Begeman', 'Miguel Casas', 'Cleo L Crunelle', 'Constanza Daigre Blanco', 'Søren Dalsgaard', 'Zsolt Demetrovics', 'Jacomine den Boer', 'Geert Dom', 'Valsamma Eapen', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Johan Franck', 'Rafael A González', 'Lara Grau-López', 'Annabeth P Groenman', 'Malin Hemphälä', 'Romain Icick', 'Brian Johnson', 'Michael Kaess', 'Máté Kapitány-Fövény', 'John G Kasinathan', 'Sharlene S Kaye', 'Falk Kiefer', 'Maija Konstenius', 'Frances R Levin', 'Mathias Luderer', 'Giovanni Martinotti', 'Frieda I A Matthys', 'Gergely Meszaros', 'Franz Moggi', 'Ashmita P Munasur-Naidoo', 'Marianne Post', 'Sharon Rabinovitz', 'J Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'Regina Sala', 'Abu Shafi', 'Ortal Slobodin', 'Wouter G Staal', 'Rainer Thomasius', 'Ilse Truter', 'Michiel W van Kernebeek', 'Maria C Velez-Pastrana', 'Sabine Vollstädt-Klein', 'Florence Vorspan', 'Jesse T Young', 'Amy Yule', 'Wim van den Brink', 'Vincent Hendriks']","['International Consensus Statement for the Screening, Diagnosis, and Treatment of Adolescents with Concurrent Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Substance Use Disorder <b>Abstract.</b> <i>Background:</i> Childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a risk factor for substance misuse and substance use disorder (SUD) in adolescence and (early) adulthood. ADHD and SUD also frequently co-occur in treatment-seeking adolescents, which complicates diagnosis and treatment and is associated with poor treatment outcomes. Research on the effect of treatment of childhood ADHD on the prevention of adolescent SUD is inconclusive, and studies on the diagnosis and treatment of adolescents with ADHD and SUD are scarce. Thus, the available evidence is generally not sufficient to justify robust treatment recommendations. <i>Objective:</i> The aim of the study was to obtain a consensus statement based on a combination of scientific data and clinical experience. <i>Method:</i> A modified Delphi study to reach consensus based upon the combination of scientific data and clinical experience with a multidisciplinary group of 55 experts from 17 countries. The experts were asked to rate a set of statements on the effect of treatment of childhood ADHD on adolescent SUD and on the screening, diagnosis, and treatment of adolescents with comorbid ADHD and SUD. <i>Results:</i> After 3 iterative rounds of rating and adapting 37 statements, consensus was reached on 36 of these statements representing 6 domains: general (<i>n</i> = 4), risk of developing SUD (<i>n</i> = 3), screening and diagnosis (<i>n</i> = 7), psychosocial treatment (<i>n</i> = 5), pharmacological treatment (<i>n</i> = 11), and complementary treatments (<i>n</i> = 7). Routine screening is recommended for ADHD in adolescent patients in substance abuse treatment and for SUD in adolescent patients with ADHD in mental healthcare settings. Long-acting stimulants are recommended as the first-line treatment of ADHD in adolescents with concurrent ADHD and SUD, and pharmacotherapy should preferably be embedded in psychosocial treatment. The only remaining no-consensus statement concerned the requirement of abstinence before starting pharmacological treatment in adolescents with ADHD and concurrent SUD. In contrast to the majority, some experts required full abstinence before starting any pharmacological treatment, some were against the use of stimulants in the treatment of these patients (independent of abstinence), while some were against the alternative use of bupropion. <i>Conclusion:</i> This international consensus statement can be used by clinicians and patients together in a shared decision-making process to select the best interventions and to reach optimal outcomes in adolescent patients with concurrent ADHD and SUD.']"35358939,Regulatory T cells in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: A case-control study.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Immune aberrations', 'Immunophenotyping', 'Regulatory T cells (Tregs)']","['Fatih Hilmi Çetin', 'Hülya Uçaryılmaz', 'Halit Necmi Uçar', 'Hasibe Artaç', 'Hasan Ali Güler', 'Sevde Afife Duran', 'Kübra Kılınç', 'Serhat Türkoğlu']","[StringElement('The pathophysiology of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are still not fully elucidated. Immune system dysregulation has emerged as a major etiological focus as a result of the high comorbidity of allergic disease, inflammatory biomarkers, and genetic research. The present study aimed to evaluate peripheral lymphocyte subpopulations and regulatory T cells (Tregs) in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This single-center cross-sectional case-control study assessed 49 children with ADHD and 35 age- and gender-matched healthy children aged 7-12\xa0years (9.10\xa0±\xa02.37 and 9.45\xa0±\xa02.13, respectively). The participants were screened for psychopathology using the Kiddie Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-Age Children-Present and Lifetime Version, while the severity of ADHD symptoms was measured by means of the distracted-Continuous Performance Test. Peripheral lymphocyte subpopulations and Tregs were analyzed with flow-cytometry.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('There is no significant difference in peripheral blood lymphocyte subsets between ADHD and control groups The children diagnosed with ADHD exhibited significantly higher levels of CD3<sup>+</sup> CD4<sup>+</sup> CD25<sup>+</sup> Foxp3<sup>+</sup> (Tregs) than the healthy control subjects (8.23\xa0±\xa02.09 vs. 6.61\xa0±\xa02.89; z\xa0=\xa02.965, p\xa0=\xa0.004). The Tregs cell (Exp(B)\xa0=\xa01.334; p\xa0=\xa0.042; CI\xa0=\xa01.011-1.761) levels were determined to be statistically significant according to regression analysis and were associated with an increased probability of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Elevated Treg levels were linked to an increased likelihood of ADHD. This study suggested that changes in immune regulatory cells represent an important part of research in treatment of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34953445,Impulsive and risky decision-making in adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): The need for a developmental perspective.,"['Adolescence', 'Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)', 'Impulsive decision making', 'Risky decision making']","['Tycho J Dekkers', 'Erik de Water', 'Anouk Scheres']","['Impulsive and risky decision-making peaks in adolescence, and is consistently associated with the neurodevelopmental disorder Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), regardless of age. In this brief review, we demonstrate the similarity of theoretical models explaining impulsive and risky decision-making that originate in two relatively distinct literatures (i.e., on adolescence and on ADHD). We summarize research thus far and conclude that the presence of ADHD during adolescence further exacerbates the tendency that is already present in adolescents to make impulsive and risky decisions. We also conclude that much is still unknown about the developmental trajectories of individuals with ADHD with regard to impulsive and risky decision making, and we therefore provide several hypotheses that warrant further longitudinal research.']"29477097,Emotional dysregulation is a primary symptom in adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,"['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Factor analysis', 'Methods', 'Symptom assessment']","['Oliver Hirsch', 'MiraLynn Chavanon', 'Elke Riechmann', 'Hanna Christiansen']","[StringElement('Clinical observations suggest that adults have more diverse deficits than children with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). These seem to entail difficulties with emotionality, self-concept and emotion regulation in particular, along with the cardinal symptoms of inattention, impulsivity, and hyperactivity for adult patients. Here, we probed a model that explicitly distinguished positive and negative affect, problems with self-concept and emotion regulation skills as distinct but correlating factors with the symptom domains of inattention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""Participants were 213 newly diagnosed adults with ADHD (62.9% male, mean age 33.5 years). Symptoms were assessed via self-report on the Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scales, a modified version of the Positive and Negative Affect Scale and the Emotion Regulation Skill Questionnaire. A confirmatory factor analysis with the R package lavaan, using a robust Maximum Likelihood estimator (MLR) for non-normal data, was conducted to test our new non-hierarchical 7-factor model."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('All calculated model-fit statistics revealed good model-fit (χ<sup>2</sup>/df ratio\u202f=\u202f2.03, robust RMSEA\u202f=\u202f.07). The SRMR in our model reached .089, indicating an acceptable model fit. Factor loadings on the postulated factors had salient loadings ≥\u202f.31 except for one item on the hyperactivity factor. Latent factor associations were especially salient between emotional dysregulation and problems with self-concept, and also partially with impulsivity/emotional lability.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The three models of ADHD and emotion regulation as suggested by Shaw et al. (2014) could not be disentangled in this study, though the overall results support the model with shared neurocognitive deficits. Further, we did not separately analyze ADHD with or without comorbid disorders. As our sample of clinical cases with ADHD is highly comorbid (47.9%), other disorders than ADHD might account for the emotion regulation deficits, though a sensitivity analysis revealed no such differences.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('Our model adequately characterizes the relations between and among clinically and therapeutically relevant symptoms in adult ADHD, thus potentially informing future therapeutic interventions by targeting the successful and flexible use of adaptive emotion regulation skills.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30301823,"Twenty years of research on attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): looking back, looking forward.",[],"['Samuele Cortese', 'David Coghill']","['In this clinical review we summarise what in our view have been some the most important advances in the past two decades, in terms of diagnostic definition, epidemiology, genetics and environmental causes, neuroimaging/cognition and treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), including: (1) the most recent changes to the diagnostic criteria in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders and International Classification of Diseases; (2) meta-analytic evidence showing that, after accounting for diagnostic methods, the rates of ADHD are fairly consistent across Western countries; (3) the recent finding of the first genome-wide significant risk loci for ADHD; (4) the paradigm shift in the pathophysiological conceptualisation of ADHD from alterations in individual brain regions to a complex dysfunction in brain networks; (5) evidence supporting the short-term efficacy of ADHD pharmacological treatments, with a different profile of efficacy and tolerability in children/adolescents versus adults; (6) a series of meta-analyses showing that, while non-pharmacological treatment may not be effective to target ADHD core symptoms, some of them effectively address ADHD-related impairments (such as oppositional behaviours for parent training and working memory deficits for cognitive training). We also discuss key priorities for future research in each of these areas of investigation. Overall, while many research questions have been answered, many others need to be addressed. Strengthening multidisciplinary collaborations, relying on large data sets in the spirit of Open Science and supporting research in less advantaged countries will be key to face the challenges ahead.']"32418647,"Cortisol, inflammatory biomarkers and neurotrophins in children and adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in Taiwan.","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Cortisol', 'HPA axis', 'Inflammation', 'Neurotrophins', 'Youth']","['Jane Pei-Chen Chang', 'Valeria Mondelli', 'Sentil Kumaran Satyanarayanan', 'Yi-Ju Chiang', 'Hui-Ting Chen', 'Kuan-Pin Su', 'Carmine M Pariante']","[StringElement('Hypothalamus-Pituitary-Adrenal (HPA) axis dysregulation, inflammation and imbalance of neurotrophins have been suggested in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but the results have not been conclusive. The aim of this study is to investigate the levels of salivary cortisol across 4-time points during the day, and of morning plasma inflammatory biomarkers and neurotrophins, in youth with ADHD and in typically developing youth (TD), with stratification by age, ADHD subtypes and oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) comorbidity in Taiwan.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We conducted a case-control study measuring saliva cortisol levels at 4 different time points during the day (at awakening, noon, 1800\xa0h and bedtime) and morning plasma levels of inflammatory and neurotrophins biomarkers in youth with ADHD (n\xa0=\xa098, age 6-18\xa0years old with mean age 9.32\xa0±\xa03.05\xa0years) and TD (n\xa0=\xa021, age 6-18\xa0years old with mean age 9.19\xa0±\xa02.96\xa0years) in Taiwan.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Our study showed that youth with ADHD had lower levels of bedtime salivary cortisol (effects size (ES)\xa0=\xa0-0.04, p\xa0=\xa0.023), with children with the combined form of the disorder (with inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity all present) having the lowest awakening salivary cortisol levels. ADHD youth also had higher levels of plasma high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and interleukin (IL)-6 (ES\xa0=\xa00.85-1.20, p\xa0<\xa0.0001), and lower plasma tumor necrosis factor-alpha (ES\xa0=\xa0-0.69, p\xa0=\xa0.009) and brain-derived neurotrophic factors (BDNF) (ES\xa0=\xa0-1.13, p\xa0<\xa0.0001). Both ADHD groups regardless of ODD comorbidity had higher levels of IL-6 (p\xa0<\xa0.0001) and lower levels BDNF (p\xa0<\xa0.0001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The lower bedtime salivary cortisol levels and higher levels of inflammatory biomarkers in youth with ADHD further support the role of abnormal HPA axis and inflammation in ADHD. Moreover, the lower levels of BDNF in ADHD also indicate that BDNF may be a potential biomarker in this disorder that is part of a broader biological dysfunction.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33994480,Usefulness of Near-Infrared Spectroscopy (NIRS) for evaluating drug effects and improvements in medication adherence in children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder)', 'Children', 'NIRS (near-infrared spectroscopy)', 'frontal lobe function', 'medication adherence']","['Chihiro Kawai', 'Kenji Mori', 'Tetsuya Tanioka', 'Feni Betriana', 'Keiko Mori', 'Tatsuo Mori', 'Hiromichi Ito']","['The symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are inattention, hyperactivity, and impulsiveness. Physicians often prescribe methylphenidate (MPH) for children with ADHD for long periods of time. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the usefulness of near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) for evaluating drug effects and improvements in medication adherence in children with ADHD. Subjects were 10 male children diagnosed with ADHD\u2005:\u2005average age, 9.3 years, and 10 boys with typical development\u2005:\u2005average age 9.5 years. Children with intellectual disability, autism, and obvious depressive symptoms were excluded. The present study revealed that in the ADHD group, oxy-Hb concentrations in the left and right lateral prefrontal cortex significantly increased during the execution of the Stroop color-word test in both channels when taking MPH. This method was considered to be useful for assessing drug effects on ADHD because NIRS is an objective indicator for evaluating ADHD executive dysfunction and visualizes the activation of frontal lobe function by MPH. A pediatric neurologist explained the results of NIRS while presenting images to the ADHD group, and medication adherence and the drug-taking ratio both markedly improved. Therefore, this therapeutic explanation is an effective strategy for improving medication compliance and adherence among patients. J. Med. Invest. 68 : 53--58, February, 2021.']"33770390,Pharmacotherapy for Preschool Children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): Current Status and Future Directions.,[],"['Jonathan R Young', 'Adare Yanagihara', 'Rachel Dew', 'Scott H Kollins']","['In this review, we consider issues relating to the pharmacological treatment of young children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). ADHD in preschool-age children has a profound impact on psychosocial function and developmental trajectory. Clinical studies on pharmacotherapies for ADHD in young children have expanded rapidly in the past 2 decades, providing some evidence of efficacy for both psychostimulant and non-psychostimulant medications. However, preschool children may be more susceptible to adverse effects of medications, including growth reduction and cardiovascular side effects. Many questions remain regarding the long-term safety and effectiveness of these interventions; thus more research is needed to help clinicians evaluate the risk-benefit ratio for preschoolers with ADHD. As this body of knowledge grows, providers should consider the level of impairment caused by current symptoms in the risk-benefit analysis. Families should be educated not just about potential effects of medication but known complications of untreated ADHD; parents will likely not fully appreciate the long-term psychological effects of chronic behavioral problems and underachievement on a young child. A blanket ""wait and see"" approach should be avoided, in order to prevent a permanent loss of self-esteem and motivation that may affect some children throughout their lifespan.']"35190324,A rapid systematic review of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and high order writing: Current findings and implications for intervention.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Review', 'Writing ability', 'Writing achievement']","['Stanley Cheng', 'David Coghill', 'Nardia Zendarski']","[StringElement('Theoretical writing models and empirical studies have suggested a possible strong association between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and high order writing (e.g., planning, text production, and revising).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A rapid systematic review was conducted to examine this relationship with the aim of informing writing interventions specific to the ADHD population.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A systematic search for empirical studies on ADHD and high order writing performance from the last two decades identified 18 eligible studies.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Most studies showed that, compared to their peers, students with ADHD have more significant difficulties in high order writing performance. Writing quality and writing process (e.g., planning and editing) were identified as a challenge for ADHD students and may be more challenging than writing productivity and meta-cognitive knowledge of writing. Individuals' inattention, short-term memory, working memory, executive functions, reading, oral language skills, and externalising behavioural problems were identified as significant predictors of high order writing performance."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The findings support theoretical writing models that propose writing as a complex process influenced by multiple cognitive factors, which are commonly impaired in individuals with ADHD. Interventions specific to the identified problems are discussed.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34948571,Parents' Experiences of Weighted Blankets' Impact on Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Sleep Problems-A Qualitative Study.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'children', 'experiences', 'intervention', 'parents', 'qualitative content analysis', 'sleep problems', 'weighted blankets']","['Ingrid Larsson', 'Katarina Aili', 'Jens M Nygren', 'Håkan Jarbin', 'Petra Svedberg']","[""Sleep disturbances are common among children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). While pharmacological treatment has increased dramatically, parents often prefer non-pharmacological interventions. Research on experiences of weighted blankets and their effect in sleep improvement is scarce. The aim of this study was to explore parents' experiences of weighted blankets for children with ADHD and sleep problems, and the impact on their children's sleep. The explorative design was based on qualitative content analysis. Interviews were conducted with a purposeful sample of 24 parents of children with ADHD and sleep problems, after completing a sleep intervention with weighted blankets for 16 weeks. Parents reported that children sleeping with weighted blankets: (1) achieved satisfactory sleep, including improved sleep onset latency, sleep continuity, and sleep routines; (2) achieved overall well-being, including improved relaxation and reduced anxiety; and (3) mastered everyday life, including improved balance in life, family function, and participation in school and leisure activities. This study brings forward novel aspects of the effects of improved sleep among children with ADHD. The findings contribute to the understanding of potential positive effects of an intervention with weighted blankets critical for clinical practice to improve sleep, well-being, and everyday life of children with ADHD and their families.""]"35730509,Relationship Between Sleep Disorders and Attention Deficit- Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms in University Students.,"['Attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder', 'sleep disorder sleep quality.']","['Elçin Özçelik Eroğlu', 'Demet Sağlam Aykut', 'Sevilay Karahan', 'Başaran Demir']","[StringElement('Sleep disorders increase the symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The aim of this study was to investigate whether or not sleep related problems give rise to symptoms of attention deficit and hyperactivity-impulsivity in university students.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The 252 university students between the ages of 18-25 years included in the study were assessed on the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), the Adult Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Scale, the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and the Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The participants of the study comprised 38.5% males and 61.5% females with a mean age of 22.39 (±1.93) years. The mean score data were 5.78 (± 2.72) on the PSQI, 41.77 (± 20.38) on the Adult Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Scale, 8.53 (± 6.97) on the BDI and 9.05 (± 7.92) on the BAI. The total score and the scores on the attention-deficit and the general problems subsections of the Adult Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Scale were significantly higher in participants with poor sleep quality (P<0.001). The PSQI and the Adult Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Scale scores were significantly above the cut-off values in the participants with depression and anxiety symptoms as compared to those without these symptoms (P<0.001). The PSQI total score positively correlated with the Adult Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Scale total score (P<0.001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""University students with sleep disorder have more ADHD symptoms and poor quality of sleep increase ADHD sypmtoms. Therefore it's important to evaluate quality of sleep in young people suffering from attention problems in terms of treatment approaches and interventions."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33347825,Droxidopa alters dopamine neuron and prefrontal cortex activity and improves attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder-like behaviors in rats.,"['ADHD', 'Animal models', 'Dopamine', 'Droxidopa', 'L-DOPS', 'Norepinephrine', 'SHR/NCrl']","['Ike Dela Peña', 'Guofang Shen', 'Wei-Xing Shi']","[""Finding alternative treatments for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is crucial given the safety and efficacy problems of current ADHD medications. Droxidopa, also known as L-threo-dihydroxyphenylserine (L-DOPS), is a norepinephrine prodrug that enhances brain norepinephrine and dopamine levels. In this study, we used electrophysiological tests to examine effects of L-DOPS on the prefrontal cortex (PFC) and dopamine neurons in the ventral tegmental area. We also conducted behavioral tests to assess L-DOPS' effects on ADHD-like behaviors in rats. In chloral hydrate-anesthetized rats, PFC local field potentials oscillated between the active, depolarized UP state and the hyperpolarized DOWN state. Mimicking the effect of d-amphetamine, L-DOPS, given after the peripheral amino acid decarboxylase inhibitor, benserazide (BZ), increased the amount of time the PFC spent in the UP state, indicating an excitatory effect of L-DOPS on PFC neurons. Like d-amphetamine, L-DOPS also inhibited dopamine neurons, an effect significantly reversed by the D2-like receptor antagonist raclopride. In the behavioral tests, BZ\xa0+\xa0L-DOPS improved hyperactivity, inattention and impulsive action of the adolescent spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR/NCrl), well-validated animal model of the combined type of ADHD. BZ\xa0+\xa0L-DOPS also reduced impulsive choice and impulsive action of Wistar rats, but did not ameliorate the inattentiveness of Wistar Kyoto rats (WKY/NCrl), proposed model of the ADHD-predominantly inattentive type. In conclusion, L-DOPS produced effects on the PFC and dopamine neurons characteristic of drugs used to treat ADHD. BZ\xa0+\xa0L-DOPS ameliorated ADHD-like behaviors in rats suggesting its potential as an alternative ADHD treatment.""]"32220366,Empirically derived dietary patterns and food groups intake in relation with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): A systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Children', 'Dietary patterns', 'Food intake']","['Elham Shareghfarid', 'Zohreh Sadat Sangsefidi', 'Amin Salehi-Abargouei', 'Mahdieh Hosseinzadeh']","[StringElement('Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a prevalent chronic psychiatric condition in children world wide. This study was aimed to provide an overview of food groups and dietary patterns in ADHD children as a systematic review.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND AND AIMS'}), StringElement(""The relation between dietary patterns and this disorder was also investigated through meta-analysis. Databases including Google Scholar, SCOPUS, ISI Web of science, and PubMed were searched up to June 2017. Studies on posteriori derived dietary patterns and food intakes of ADHD children were included. The achieved Relative Risks (RR) and Odds Ratio (OR) were pooled together for ADHD to compare the most and the least adherence to major dietary patterns. The heterogeneity was assessed by Cochran's Q test and I-squared methods."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('This systematic review consisted of 6 dietary patterns and 6 foods or macronutrients studies. In this regard, 6 dietary patterns studies (n: 8816) were included in the meta-analysis. The pooled analysis established that ""healthy"" dietary pattern significantly decreased the risk of ADHD (OR: 0·63; 95% CI: 0·41, 0·96), whereas ""Western"" (OR: 1.92; 95% CI: 1.13, 3.26; p:0.016) and ""junk food"" (OR: 1.51; 95% CI: 1.06, 2.16; p: 0.024) dietary patterns increased it.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('""Healthy"" dietary pattern highly loaded with vegetables, fruits, legumes, and fish has decreased the odds of ADHD up to 37%. In addition, adherence to ""junk food"" pattern containing sweetened beverages and desserts as well as ""Western"" dietary pattern including red meat, refined grains, processed meats, and hydrogenated fat increased it.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34820682,[Adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in the clinical descriptions and classificatory reflections of Gustav Specht (1905) and Hermann Paul Nitsche (1910)].,"['Adult', 'Adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Classification', 'History of psychiatry', 'Psychiatric entity']","['Holger Steinberg', 'Maria Strauß']","['The notion that the adult form of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is not a\xa0construct of modern psychiatry is increasingly prevailing. Looking into the history of psychiatry can make an enlightening contribution here. Guided by this aim and specifically following literature referred to by Emil Kraepelin (1856-1926), we analyzed the content of one study each by Gustav Specht (1860-1940) and the later Nazi psychiatrist Hermann Paul Nitsche (1876-1948) from 1905 and 1910, respectively, on the topic of chronic mania. Our investigation concluded that in their case studies both authors described people who would today be diagnosed as suffering from adult ADHD as the clinical descriptions reveal core symptoms of this entity as defined by modern classifications. They also mentioned currently discussed research questions. Both authors expressed their dissatisfaction with the classificatory situation of these patients at the time. Specht even postulated a\xa0""completely independent mental illness"" that he called ""chronic mania"", under which he classified all the patients suffering from today\'s adult ADHD. He also pointed out that this diagnosis was not widely recognized at the time by psychiatrists as a\xa0full-fledged form of illness but used more as a\xa0diagnosis to avoid the embarrassment of not having one. Nitsche saw the ""chronic manic states"" as he called them as a\xa0""clinical peculiarity"" but assigned them to the large group of ""manic depressive insanity"", which could only be more finely differentiated in the future.']"30367389,Vitamin D levels in children and adolescents with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): a meta-analysis.,"['ADHD', 'Adolescents', 'Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Children', 'Vitamin D']","['Evangelia Kotsi', 'Elisavet Kotsi', 'Despina N Perrea']","['The aim of this article was to assess the differences in serum 25(OH)D levels between children and adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and healthy controls. We used the PubMed (1966-2017), Scopus (2004-2017), ClinicalTrials.gov (2008-2017), Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials CENTRAL (2000-2017), and Google Scholar (2004-2017) databases. Statistical meta-analysis was performed with RevMan 5.3. Εight studies were finally included in the present meta-analysis with a total number of 11,324 children. Among them, 2655 were diagnosed with ADHD, while the remaining 8669 were recruited as healthy controls. All eight trials reported significantly lower serum concentrations of 25(OH)D in patients diagnosed with ADHD compared to healthy controls. The pooled data showed that there was a significant difference between the ADHD group and the control group (SMD\u2009=\u2009-\u20090.73, 95% CI [-\u20091.00, -\u20090.46]). The systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies demonstrated an inverse association between serum 25(OH)D and young patients with ADHD. Large cohort studies are required to investigate whether vitamin D-deficient infants are more likely to develop ADHD in the future. Also, whether children with ADHD should be supplemented with higher doses of vitamin D3 remains to be confirmed through long-term controlled clinical trials.']"29220204,"Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): Controversy, Developmental Mechanisms, and Multiple Levels of Analysis.","['ADHD', 'developmental psychopathology', 'hyperactivity/impulsivity', 'inattention', 'multimodal intervention', 'multiple levels of analysis']",['Stephen P Hinshaw'],"['Controversy abounds regarding the symptom dimensions of attention problems, impulsivity, and hyperactivity, developmentally extreme and impairing levels of which compose the diagnostic category of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). I highlight causal factors, underlying mechanisms, developmental trajectories, and female manifestations of ADHD, integrating the psychobiological underpinnings of this syndrome with contextual factors related to its clinical presentation, impairments, and soaring increases in diagnosed prevalence. Indeed, despite strong heritability, ADHD is expressed via transactional patterns of influence linked to family-, school-, peer-, neighborhood-, and policy-related factors. Moreover, intervention strategies must take into account both pharmacologic and behavioral modalities if the goal is to enhance competencies, rather than symptom reduction per se. A comprehensive understanding of ADHD mandates multiple levels of analysis-spanning genes, neurotransmission, brain pathways, individual skill levels, family socialization, peer relationships, and educational and cultural forces-which must be integrated and synthesized to surpass reductionist accounts, reduce stigma, and maximize the impact of prevention- and intervention-related efforts.']"35367500,"Affective-cognitive-behavioral heterogeneity of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): Emotional dysregulation as a sentinel symptom differentiating ""ADHD-simplex"" and ""ADHD-complex"" syndromes?","['ADHD', 'Emotional symptoms', 'Latent class analysis', 'Nosology', 'Subphenotypes']","['Xinxin Yue', 'Lu Liu', 'Wai Chen', 'David A Preece', 'Qianrong Liu', 'Haimei Li', 'Yufeng Wang', 'Qiujin Qian']","[StringElement('Current DSM and ICD classifications of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) exclude emotional dysregulation (ED) in their diagnostic criteria, despite ED symptoms frequently co-occurring in ADHD and likely sharing common neurobiological substrates. In this study, we examined whether consideration of ED symptoms could delineate more informative ""ADHD+ED"" subphenotypes.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('4106 children with ADHD were recruited. ED and inattentive (IA) and hyperactive/impulsive (HI) symptoms were profiled using latent class analyses (LCA). The derived latent class (LC) subphenotypes were evaluated and validated in relation to comorbidity patterns, executive functions, and functional impairments.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Five LC subphenotypes with ED symptoms were identified: IA/HI\xa0+\xa0ED profile (LC1); HI\xa0+\xa0ED profile (LC2); IA\xa0+\xa0ED profile (LC3); IA/HI profile (LC4); and IA profile (LC5). Cross-validation of the LCA model using support vector machine analysis confirmed 83% accuracy. ED positive (ED+ve) subphenotypes were associated with higher rates of oppositional defiant disorder, mood disorders, anxiety disorders, as well as more severe autistic traits and sluggish cognitive tempo symptoms. Higher rates of ecological executive functioning impairments (BRIEF ratings) were found among ED+ve subphenotypes (though no differences were detected by laboratory-based measures). Functional impairments were also more severe among participants with ED+ve subphenotypes.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The data for our LCA were cross-sectional and based primarily on parent ratings.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('Our classification model has parcellated IA, HI, and ED symptoms into novel informative subphenotypes. These classifications provide preliminary evidence that ED symptoms could serve as sentinel features to identify a potential ""ADHD-complex"" syndrome, which demarcates a more pervasive condition of greater severity, complexity, and impairment.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"31020405,The temporal order of fluctuations in atopic disease symptoms and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms: a time-series study in ADHD patients.,"['Atopy', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Daily diary study', 'Pediatrics']","['Jurjen van der Schans', 'Qi Cao', 'Elisabeth H Bos', 'G Ingrid J G Rours', 'Pieter J Hoekstra', 'Eelko Hak', 'Tjalling W de Vries']","['In a recent meta-analysis, we found that atopic diseases, like asthma and allergic rhinitis, occur more frequently prior to the onset of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Our aim was to determine the temporal order of the association between daily fluctuations in atopic disease symptoms and in ADHD symptoms in individual participants. In this observational study among 21 participants, age 7-16\xa0years, we performed a replicated time-series analysis of symptom fluctuations in asthma and/or allergic rhinitis and ADHD. Data were collected through parents who filled in a daily online questionnaire during up to 50\xa0days. In each individual, we investigated the temporal order of fluctuations in atopic disease symptoms and ADHD symptoms using a vector autoregressive (VAR) model while using sleep problems and medication use as covariates. For 16 out of 21 participants, we constructed a VAR model. For a majority of the participants, significant associations were detected between atopic disease symptoms and ADHD symptoms. The results were heterogeneous; the direction, sign, and timing of the relationship between ADHD, atopy, sleep problems, and medication use varied between individuals. This study provides additional evidence that the symptom expression of atopy and ADHD are related. However, the connection between both diseases in children is found to be heterogeneous within our study population.']"32862563,Neuropsychological characteristics of adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder without intellectual disability.,"['adult', 'attention-deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'intelligence', 'memory']","['Masami Hida', 'Wakaho Hayashi', 'Yuka Okajima', 'Osamu Takashio', 'Akira Iwanami']","[StringElement('While several studies have reported various cognitive impairments in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, the neuropsychological profiles of adults with this disorder are understudied. Here, the intelligence and memory functions of adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder without intellectual disability were evaluated.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS'}), StringElement(""The Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-Third Edition and Wechsler Memory Scale-Revised were administered to 30 adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder whose full-scale intelligence quotients were >85. Diagnoses were based on the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-IV criteria. Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scales-Self-Report-screening version and the Autism Spectrum Quotient were also evaluated."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""In the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-Third Edition, the verbal intelligence quotient was significantly higher than the performance intelligence quotient and the verbal comprehension score was the highest among the secondary indices. In the Wechsler Memory Scale-Revised, the visual memory score was the highest measure. Although the verbal intelligence quotient had no correlation with any Wechsler Memory Scale-Revised measures, the performance intelligence quotient was significantly correlated with the visual memory and attention scores of the Wechsler Memory Scale-Revised. Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scales hyperactive-impulsive score was significantly correlated with the verbal intelligence quotient, whereas the inattention score was not correlated with any measures of the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-Third Edition or Wechsler Memory Scale-Revised."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The results suggest that while adults with normal-intelligence attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder have comparatively high verbal comprehension and social knowledge, their ability of information processing and visual-motor coordination are relatively weak.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32692263,Clinical guidance on pharmacotherapy for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) for people with intellectual disability.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactive disorder', 'hyperkinetic disorder', 'intellectual disability', 'learning disability', 'neurodevelopment', 'pharmacotherapy']","['Jonjo Miller', 'Bhathika Perera', 'Rohit Shankar']","[StringElement('ADHD causes significant distress and functional impairment in multiple domains of daily life. Therefore, diagnosis and treatment are important to improve the quality of life of people. The pharmacotherapy for ADHD is well established but needs systematic evaluation in Intellectual Disability (ID) populations.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This paper reviews the ADHD pharmacological treatment in people with ID using the PRISMA guidance for scoping reviews to help identify the nature and strength of evidence.', attributes={'Label': 'AREAS COVERED', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In the last 20\xa0years, seven randomized controlled trials have evaluated pharmacotherapies for ADHD in people with ID; five looking at methylphenidate. Generally, studies were underpowered; all but two had less than 25 participants. Of the two larger trials one was single blinded and therefore open to bias. Only two used a parallel-group method, the remainder were mostly short crossover trials; not ideal when measuring behavioral and psychological parameters which are long standing. The remaining evidence is made up of observational studies. Methylphenidate and atomoxetine, particularly at higher doses, have shown clear benefits in people with ID. Most people with ID tolerated ADHD medications well. Benefits were seen in behavioral and/or cognitive domains. The evidence base is limited, though promising, for dexamfetamine, clonidine, and guanfacine.', attributes={'Label': 'EXPERT OPINION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29690816,Is motor activity during cognitive assessment an indicator for feigned attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults?,"['ADHD', 'adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'cognition', 'faking', 'feigning', 'hyperactivity', 'motor activity', 'neuropsychological assessment', 'noncredible', 'performance validity', 'symptom validity']","['Anselm B M Fuermaier', 'Oliver Tucha', 'Janneke Koerts', 'Tabea S Send', 'Matthias Weisbrod', 'Steffen Aschenbrenner', 'Lara Tucha']","[StringElement('Several approaches, ranging from self-ratings of symptoms and impairments to objective neuropsychological testing, have been utilized during clinical evaluation in order to assess symptom and performance validity of individuals with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adulthood. Motor activity has not been considered yet in this context, which is surprising given that hyperactivity is a prominent characteristic of ADHD. Hence, the goal of the present study was to explore the incremental value of motor activity when assessing the credibility of individuals with adult ADHD at clinical evaluation.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement(""Forty-six patients diagnosed with ADHD took part in the study. A simulation design was performed, in which 152 healthy individuals were allocated to either a control condition (n\xa0=\xa036) or one of three simulation conditions (n\xa0=\xa0116), the latter requesting participants to feign ADHD. All participants completed a self-rating scale of cognitive functioning and performed a computerized test for vigilance. Body movements were recorded during vigilance testing via a motion tracker attached to the back of the participant's chair."", attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Patients with ADHD reported significantly more pronounced cognitive complaints and performed significantly poorer on the vigilance test than control participants. Simulators of ADHD, as compared to genuine patients, showed excessively low performance on the vigilance test. However, neither self-ratings of cognitive functioning nor measures of motor activity were suitable to distinguish genuine from feigned ADHD. A hierarchical logistic regression model showed that motor activity had no incremental value in detecting feigned ADHD when vigilance test performance has already been considered.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Standard neuropsychological tests of vigilance may be useful to measure both performance and credibility of individuals with adult ADHD at clinical evaluation. In contrast, self-reports of symptoms and impairments, as well as measures of body movements, may not support the assessment of credibility in this context.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31298788,Seizures in children with epilepsy and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['anti-epileptic drug', 'attention-deficit-hyperactivity disorder', 'children', 'epilepsy']","['Zeynep Goker', 'Arzu Yilmaz', 'Ayse Nihal Eraslan', 'Rukiye Colak Sivri', 'Rezzan Aydin']","[StringElement('Epilepsy is an important disorder that is sometimes accompanied by inattention problems. This study explored the features of seizures in children with epilepsy, with or without attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Between January 2017 and January 2018, data records of children with epilepsy aged 5-18\xa0years admitted to hospital were retrospectively collected. SPSS 17.0 was used for analyses and P < 0.05 was accepted as significant.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of 301 patients with epilepsy, 32 of them had ADHD. Median age at diagnosis of epilepsy in the epilepsy + ADHD group was lower than in the epilepsy alone group (6 vs 8\xa0years; z = -2.989, P = 0.003). The two groups were similar in terms of duration of epilepsy, seizure types and features of complicated versus non-complicated epilepsy, number of anti-epileptic drugs (AED) used (for all, P > 0.05). The epilepsy + ADHD group had a significantly higher prevalence of intellectual disability (31.3% vs 12.6%; χ<sup>2</sup> (1) = 7.9, P = 0.014) and specific learning disorder (12.5% vs 1.9%; χ<sup>2</sup> (1) = 11.1, P = 0.009) than the epilepsy alone group (χ<sup>2</sup> (1) = 11.1, P = 0.009). ADHD medication use was identified in 68.8% of children in the epilepsy + ADHD group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Attention-deficit-hyperactivity disorder was identified in 11.8% of 5-18-year-old children (32/301) with epilepsy in a 1\xa0year period. ADHD is more frequent in children with epilepsy in childhood (5-11\xa0years of age). Epilepsy diagnosis is more frequent in younger children with ADHD. Children with epilepsy and ADHD, also have a significantly higher prevalence of intellectual disability and specific learning disorder. Younger children diagnosed with epilepsy should be carefully monitored for ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32698490,"Driving Accidents, Driving Violations, Symptoms of Attention-Deficit-Hyperactivity (ADHD) and Attentional Network Tasks.","['age', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity (ADHD)', 'attentional network task', 'driving behavior', 'traffic accidents', 'traffic violations']","['Seyed Hojjat Zamani Sani', 'Zahra Fathirezaie', 'Homayoun Sadeghi-Bazargani', 'Georgian Badicu', 'Safyeh Ebrahimi', 'Robert Wilhelm Grosz', 'Dena Sadeghi Bahmani', 'Serge Brand']","[StringElement('Iran has serious problems with traffic-related injuries and death. A major reason for traffic accidents is cognitive failure due to deficits in attention. In this study, we investigated the associations between traffic violations, traffic accidents, symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), age, and on an attentional network task in a sample of Iranian adults.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""A total of 274 participants (mean age: 31.37 years; 80.7% males) completed questionnaires covering demographic information, driving violations, traffic accidents, and symptoms of ADHD. In addition, they underwent an objective attentional network task (ANT), based on Posner's concept of attentional networks."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('More frequent traffic violations, correlated with lower age and poorer performance on the attentional network tasks. Higher symptoms of ADHD were associated with more accidents and more traffic violations, but not with the performance of the attentional tasks. Higher ADHD scores, a poorer performance on attentional network tasks, and younger age predicted traffic violations. Only higher symptoms of ADHD predicted more traffic accidents.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In a sample of Iranian drivers, self-rated symptoms of ADHD appeared to be associated with traffic violations and accidents, while symptoms of ADHD were unrelated to objectively assessed performance on an attentional network task. Poor attentional network performance was a significant predictor of traffic violations but not of accidents. To increase traffic safety, both symptoms of ADHD and attentional network performance appear to merit particular attention.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30903380,Risk-Taking Behavior in Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): a Review of Potential Underlying Mechanisms and of Interventions.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Decision theory', 'Expected utility', 'Heuristics', 'Risk return', 'Risk-taking behavior']","['Yehuda Pollak', 'Tycho J Dekkers', 'Rachel Shoham', 'Hilde M Huizenga']","[StringElement('Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with several forms of risk-taking behavior (RTB). This paper aims to examine the scope of ADHD-related RTB, to highlight potential underlying mechanisms of this association, and to review initial evidence for interventions aimed to treat ADHD-related RTB.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE OF REVIEW'}), StringElement('Multiple lines of evidence indicate that ADHD is associated with real-life RTB across several domains (e.g., reckless driving, substance use, and unprotected sex), which is corroborated by evidence on laboratory risk-taking tasks. Several individual differences, some of them informed by decision theory, e.g., comorbid disorders, parental monitoring, and perceived enlarged benefits of RTB, may explain the link between ADHD and RTB. A number of studies showed that interventions designed for ADHD may reduce RTB. ADHD is linked to RTB across several domains. Decision theory may serve as a conceptual framework for understanding the underlying mechanisms, and thus may inform future research.', attributes={'Label': 'RECENT FINDINGS'})]"32342235,The Visuo-Motor Attention Test in Boys with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): Methylphenidate-Placebo Randomized Controlled Trial.,"['ADHD', 'ADHD subtype', 'Methylphenidate', 'Placebo']","['Yaffa Hadar', 'Shraga Hocherman', 'Oren Lamm', 'Emanuel Tirosh']","['To assess the visuomotor attention ability in children with ADHD and controls and their response to placebo and Methylphenidate (MPH) treatment. 36 boys with ADHD and 36 age matched typical controls were administered the visuomotor attention test (VMAT) as a baseline and following a week of MPH(IR) or placebo administered to the study group, in a randomized crossover design. A significant difference between the study and control groups was found on several VMAT measures. No performance difference between ADHD dimensional sub-types was observed at the baseline assessment. Under MPH treatment a significant improvement in VMAT measures was observed and particularly in the combined and predominantly hyperactive (C\\HI) type. The VMAT results obtained in the present study are consistent with previous findings. ADHD subtypes appear similarly short of visuomotor attention resources; a visuomotor test can be used in the assessment of gains derived from MPH treatment.']"30583265,Screening for adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in alcohol dependent patients: Underreporting of ADHD symptoms in self-report scales.,"['ADHD', 'Addiction', 'Alcohol dependence', 'Screening', 'Substance use disorder', 'Validity']","['Mathias Luderer', 'Nurcihan Kaplan-Wickel', 'Agnes Richter', 'Iris Reinhard', 'Falk Kiefer', 'Tillmann Weber']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common comorbid disorder that is frequently overlooked in adults with alcohol use disorder (AUD). Moreover, identifying ADHD in AUD patients is time-consuming and difficult. The aim of this study was to assess the clinical utility of two self-report screening instruments for adult ADHD in AUD patients.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""404 adults seeking residential treatment for AUD were screened using the Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scale Screening Self-Rating (CAARS-S-SR) and the Adult ADHD Rating Scale (ASRS). Results were compared with ADHD diagnosis obtained from a stepped approach: first, a structured interview (Diagnostic Interview for ADHD in adults 2.0.; DIVA) was applied; second, probable ADHD diagnoses had to be confirmed by two expert clinicians."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('At the previously reported cut-off values, ASRS and CAARS-S-SR showed low sensitivities of 57.1 and 70.6%. A high number of false negative results (NPV ASRS: 89.5%; CAARS-S-SR: 92.3%) indicates underreporting of ADHD symptoms. Sensitivity improved at lower cut-off (ASRS\u2009≥\u200911; CAARS-S-SR ≥60) or with a combination of both instruments at lower cut-offs. Area Under the Curve (AUC) for the combination of ASRS and CAARS-S-SR was superior to the AUCs of the single questionnaires.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Underreporting of ADHD symptoms in ASRS and CAARS-S-SR of AUD patients requires lower cut-off values to detect the majority of ADHD, albeit at the expense of an increased rate of false-positive results. Cut-off values should be adjusted to the clinical setting. Clinicians should take into consideration that a negative screening result does not necessarily imply absence of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33121289,Effects of chronotherapy on circadian rhythm and ADHD symptoms in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and delayed sleep phase syndrome: a randomized clinical trial.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Delayed Sleep Phase Syndrome', 'bright light therapy', 'chronotherapy', 'melatonin', 'randomized clinical trial']","['Emma van Andel', 'Denise Bijlenga', 'Suzan W N Vogel', 'Aartjan T F Beekman', 'J J Sandra Kooij']","[""The majority of adults with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) have a delayed circadian rhythm that is a characteristic of Delayed Sleep Phase Syndrome (DSPS). Treatment of DSPS may improve both the circadian rhythm and ADHD symptoms. In this three-armed randomized clinical trial, 51 adults (18-55\xa0y) with ADHD and DSPS received sleep education and 3\xa0weeks of (1) 0.5 mg/d placebo, (2) 0.5 mg/d melatonin, or (3) 0.5 mg/d melatonin plus 30\xa0minutes of 10,000 lux bright light therapy (BLT) between 07:00 and 08:00\xa0h. Placebo/melatonin conditions were double-blind. Treatment took place in the participants' naturalistic home settings. Dim-light melatonin onset (DLMO) was measured in saliva as marker of internal circadian rhythm. Melatonin or placebo administration followed individual schedules, starting 3\xa0hours before the individual DLMO and weekly advancing by 1 h. DLMO and ADHD Rating Scale score were assessed at baseline, directly after 3-week treatment, and two weeks after the end of treatment. Results show that at baseline 77% had a DLMO after 21:00\xa0h with an average DLMO at 23:43\xa0h\xa0±\xa01h46. Directly after treatment, melatonin had advanced DLMO by 1h28 (<i>p</i> =\xa0.001), and melatonin plus BLT by 1h58 (<i>p</i> <\xa0.001). Placebo did not affect DLMO. ADHD symptoms reduced by 14% (<i>p</i> =\xa0.038) directly after melatonin treatment. Placebo and melatonin plus BLT did not impact ADHD symptoms. Two weeks after end of treatment, ADHD symptoms and DLMO had returned to baseline levels. It can be concluded that low doses of melatonin advanced the circadian rhythm and reduced self-reported ADHD symptoms. Given the large number of adult ADHD patients with concurrent DSPS, treating delayed sleep with melatonin is an important component of effective ADHD treatment.""]"31159893,Transition between child and adult services for young people with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): findings from a British national surveillance study.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'British Paediatric Surveillance Unit (BPSU)', 'Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Surveillance System (CAPSS)', 'incidence', 'surveillance']","['Helen Eke', 'Tamsin Ford', 'Tamsin Newlove-Delgado', 'Anna Price', 'Susan Young', 'Cornelius Ani', 'Kapil Sayal', 'Richard M Lynn', 'Moli Paul', 'Astrid Janssens']","[StringElement('Optimal transition from child to adult services involves continuity, joint care, planning meetings and information transfer; commissioners and service providers therefore need data on how many people require that service. Although attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) frequently persists into adulthood, evidence is limited on these transitions.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To estimate the national incidence of young people taking medication for ADHD that require and complete transition, and to describe the proportion that experienced optimal transition.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS'}), StringElement('Surveillance over 12 months using the British Paediatric Surveillance Unit and Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Surveillance System, including baseline notification and follow-up questionnaires.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Questionnaire response was 79% at baseline and 82% at follow-up. For those aged 17-19, incident rate (range adjusted for non-response) of transition need was 202-511 per 100 000 people aged 17-19 per year, with successful transition of 38-96 per 100 000 people aged 17-19 per year. Eligible young people with ADHD were mostly male (77%) with a comorbid condition (62%). Half were referred to specialist adult ADHD and 25% to general adult mental health services; 64% had referral accepted but only 22% attended a first appointment. Only 6% met optimal transition criteria.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('As inclusion criteria required participants to be on medication, these estimates represent the lower limit of the transition need. Two critical points were apparent: referral acceptance and first appointment attendance. The low rate of successful transition and limited guideline adherence indicates significant need for commissioners and service providers to improve service transition experiences.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31112441,Current and emerging pharmacotherapy for the treatment of adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Bipolar Disorder', 'emotional dysregulation', 'neurodevelopment disorders']","['Giulio Perugi', 'Alessandro Pallucchini', 'Salvatore Rizzato', 'Vito Pinzone', 'Pietro De Rossi']","['<b>Introduction</b>: ADHD is characterized by a developmentally inappropriate level of inattentiveness, impulsivity and/or hyperactivity. In adults, the disorder is frequently accompanied by Emotional Dysregulation (ED), associated to a variety of related psychiatric comorbidities, complicating its recognition and treatment management. <b>Areas covered</b>: This paper reviews randomized active comparator-controlled or placebo-controlled trials evaluating the use of pharmacotherapy in adults with ADHD and ED, other neurodevelopmental disorders, Bipolar Disorder (BD) and Anxiety Disorders (ADs). When controlled data are unavailable, the authors have included open-label and observational studies. <b>Expert opinion</b>: ED in adult patients with ADHD is a very common and impairing problem that can be treated with stimulants or atomoxetine. ADHD studies in adults with other neurodevelopment disorders are scarce; stimulants seem to be the most effective and safe drugs in treating ADHD symptoms, without worsening the core features of other neurodevelopmental disorders. In patients with ADHD and comorbid BD, the treatment of BD alone may result in residual symptoms of ADHD. Patients should be treated hierarchically: BD should be treated first, while ADHD should be treated combining ADHD medications and mood stabilizers after mood stabilization. The available evidence for treating patients with ADHD and comorbid ADs in adults supports the idea of an anti-anxiety/ADHD-specific treatment association.']"31808007,Emotion Regulation via the Autonomic Nervous System in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): Replication and Extension.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Autonomic reactivity', 'Electrodermal activity (EDA)', 'Emotion regulation', 'Pre-ejection period (PEP)', 'Respiratory sinus arrhythmia (RSA)']","['Stephanie S J Morris', 'Erica D Musser', 'Rachel B Tenenbaum', 'Anthony R Ward', 'Jessica Martinez', 'Joseph S Raiker', 'Erika K Coles', 'Cameron Riopelle']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a prevalent disorder characterized by symptoms of inattention, hyperactivity, and/or impulsivity, as well as executive dysfunction. Recent work underlines the importance in understanding the role of emotion reactivity and regulatory deficits in the context of the disorder. One study (i.e., Musser et al. 2011) utilized a positive and negative emotion induction and suppression task, as well as indexes of autonomic nervous system reactivity, to examine emotional functioning in youth with ADHD. This study revealed inflexible parasympathetic-based regulation across emotion conditions among youth with ADHD compared to typically developing youth. The present study sought to replicate and extend these findings to a clinically recruited, diverse sample, while also examining sympathetic functioning. Two hundred fifty-nine participants (160 youth with ADHD), aged 5 to 13, completed the task utilized in Musser et al. 2011, while indexes of parasympathetic (i.e., respiratory sinus arrhythmia [RSA]) and sympathetic (i.e., pre-ejection period [PEP] and electrodermal activity [EDA]) reactivity were obtained. ADHD was associated with significantly elevated parasympathetic (i.e., augmented RSA) and sympathetic (as indexed by EDA) reactivity. Overall, results replicate and extend Musser et al. 2011, revealing sympathetic-linked disruptions in emotion reactivity and parasympathetic-linked disruptions in emotion regulation among youth with ADHD. Future studies of behavioral therapies for ADHD should consider the efficacy of adding an emotion regulation skills training component.']"34932573,The impact of psychological theory on the treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in adults: A scoping review.,[],"['Rebecca E Champ', 'Marios Adamou', 'Barry Tolchard']","['Psychological theory and interpretation of research are key elements influencing clinical treatment development and design in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). Research-based treatment recommendations primarily support Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT), an extension of the cognitive behavioural theory, which promotes a deficit-focused characterisation of ADHD and prioritises symptom reduction and cognitive control of self-regulation as treatment outcomes. A wide variety of approaches have developed to improve ADHD outcomes in adults, and this review aimed to map the theoretical foundations of treatment design to understand their impact. A scoping review and analysis were performed on 221 documents to compare the theoretical influences in research, treatment approach, and theoretical citations. Results showed that despite variation in the application, current treatments characterise ADHD from a single paradigm of cognitive behavioural theory. A single theoretical perspective is limiting research for effective treatments for ADHD to address ongoing issues such as accommodating context variability and heterogeneity. Research into alternative theoretical characterisations of ADHD is recommended to provide treatment design opportunities to better understand and address symptoms.']"33928840,Clinical presentations of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and adolescents: comparison of neurocognitive performance.,"['ADHD presentations', 'attention', 'children and adolescents', 'processing speed', 'working memory']","['Virginia Krieger', 'Juan Antonio Amador-Campos']","['This study aimed to compare performance in working memory (WM), processing speed (PRS), and attention measures in children and adolescents with typical development (TD) and with Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (inattentive [ADHD-I] or combined [ADHD-C]) presentations, and to determine the predictive ability of the measures mentioned to discriminate between ADHD presentations and TD. 260 children and adolescents, 138 with ADHD (70 ADHD-I and 68 ADHD-C) and 122 TD in two age cohorts (8-12\xa0years; 13-16\xa0years), were assessed with WM and PRS indexes of Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children (WISC-IV) and the d2 attention test. Significant differences between ADHD and TD groups in the WISC-IV GAI scores were found in children but not in adolescents. Children and adolescents with both ADHD presentations performed poorly on the PRS index, while on the WM index only children exhibited difficulties. In the attention test, children with ADHD-C showed more impulsivity and more difficulties for processing speed, concentration and accuracy than ADHD-I and TD. In addition, both ADHD presentations had higher inattention scores than TD. ADHD adolescents performed worse than TD in processing speed, concentration and accuracy. ADHD groups showed more impulsivity and inattention than TD. Digit Span and Symbol Search (WISC-IV) and processing speed and accuracy (d2) successfully classified ADHD and TD in children, but in adolescents, only coding (WISC-IV) and accuracy (d2) successfully classified ADHD presentations and TD. The WISC-IV and d2 yield neuropsychological profiles which reflect age-related cognitive changes and may allow the adaptation of more tailored early interventions for ADHD.']"32938246,Emerging drugs for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'emerging drugs', 'innovative drugs', 'pharmacological therapy']","['Marco Pozzi', 'Silvana Bertella', 'Erika Gatti', 'Gabriëlla G A M Peeters', 'Carla Carnovale', 'Stefania Zambrano', 'Maria Nobile']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder affecting up to 5.3% of children and 2.5% of adults depending on the country considered. Current pharmacological treatments for ADHD are based on stimulant or non-stimulant medications, targeting dopaminergic and noradrenergic systems in the frontal cortex and dopaminergic system in the basal ganglia. These drugs are effective and safe for the majority of patients, whereas about 20% of treated patients do not tolerate current therapies or experience insufficient efficacy. The adequate treatment of ADHD is necessary to allow a proper social placement and prevent the acquisition of additional, more severe, comorbidities.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('We conducted a review of the scientific literature and of unpublished/ongoing clinical trials to summarize the advances made in the last 10\xa0years (2010-2020) for the pharmacological treatment of ADHD. We found many pharmacological mechanisms beyond dopaminergic and noradrenergic ones have been investigated in patients.', attributes={'Label': 'AREAS COVERED'}), StringElement('Some emerging drugs for ADHD may be promising as add-on treatment especially in children, amantadine to enhance cognitive functions and tipepidine for hyperactivity/impulsivity. Stand-alone emerging treatments for ADHD include viloxazine and dasotraline, which will soon have more clinical data available to support market access requests.', attributes={'Label': 'EXPERT OPINION'})]"33635440,Systematic review and meta-analysis: relationships between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and urinary symptoms in children.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Lower urinary tract symptoms', 'Overactive bladder']","['Behrang Mahjani', 'Lotta Renström Koskela', 'Christina Gustavsson Mahjani', 'Magdalena Janecka', 'Anita Batuure', 'Christina M Hultman', 'Abraham Reichenberg', 'Joseph D Buxbaum', 'Olof Akre', 'Dorothy E Grice']","['Lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS), e.g., urinary frequency, pressure, urgency, and overactive bladder syndrome, are commonly reported in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Understanding the co-occurrence of these conditions has implications regarding clinical approaches, treatments, and improved quality of life. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to examine the relationships between LUTS and ADHD in children. We searched for articles published between January 1990 and July 2019, in PubMed, CENTRAL, and PsycNet. Two authors independently screened all articles and extracted data. We performed random-effect meta-analyses for ADHD with pooled outcomes for LUTS. We identified 119 relevant articles in the literature and 18 articles fulfilled the inclusion criteria for the systematic review, of which, 5 articles had sufficient data for meta-analysis. Examining ADHD among individuals with LUTS, the odds ratio was 2.99 (95% CI 1.13, 7.88, p\u2009<\u20090.001), compared to controls. In multiple studies, the mean overall score for LUTS, using a standardized measure, was significantly higher in patients with ADHD in comparison to controls, and the severity of ADHD was positively associated with the severity of LUTS. Younger age in children was correlated with a higher LUTS score. Different subtypes of urinary incontinence demonstrated differences in behavioral problems and psychiatric comorbidity. Sex differences in LUTS were not consistent across articles. Our results indicate clinically significant associations between ADHD and LUTS in children. Because LUTS and ADHD are common disorders in children, clinicians should be aware of these associations as they inform optimal assessment and treatment strategies.']"33668090,Physical Activity Improves Mental Health in Children and Adolescents Irrespective of the Diagnosis of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)-A Multi-Wave Analysis Using Data from the KiGGS Study.,"['ADHD', 'KiGGS', 'Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire', 'adolescents', 'children', 'long-term effects', 'mental health', 'physical activity']","['Parisa Ganjeh', 'Thomas Meyer', 'York Hagmayer', 'Ronny Kuhnert', 'Ulrike Ravens-Sieberer', 'Nicole von Steinbuechel', 'Aribert Rothenberger', 'Andreas Becker']","['Physical activity (PA) may have positive effects on mental health in children and adolescents. This post hoc study aimed to further investigate the relationship between different frequency levels of PA and general mental health as well as specific hyperactivity/inattention symptoms in children and adolescents.', StringElement(""The analyses were based on data drawn from the German Health Interview and Examination Survey for Children and Adolescents (KiGGS) study, a regularly conducted large-scale, epidemiological investigation of somatic and mental health of children and adolescents in Germany. Parents were asked about their children's attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) records and answered questionnaires concerning any mental health problem behavior of the children and adolescents using the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ). The overall problem score as well as the hyperactivity/inattention symptoms subscale (SDQ-H/I) were entered as outcomes in a regression model controlling for parental socio-economic status and participants' sex, age, and body mass index (BMI). Cross-sectional analyses were conducted at three time points of the KiGGS study (baseline, wave 1, and wave 2) using general linear models (GLM). This was performed for different age groups (4-5, 6-9, 10-17 years)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Significant negative relationships were found between PA and general mental health problems. For the relationship between PA and SDQ-H/I, different patterns emerged at the three time points. There was no interaction between PA frequency levels and diagnosis of ADHD (ADHD vs. non-ADHD controls) regarding the SDQ total score.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This study underlines the importance of a high frequency level of PA for a good mental health status among children and adolescents, irrespective of the diagnosis of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"29175464,Salience network coupling is linked to both tobacco smoking and symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Dorsal anterior cingulate cortex', 'Insula', 'Nicotine dependence', 'Salience network']","['A C Janes', 'J M Gilman', 'B B Frederick', 'M Radoman', 'G Pachas', 'M Fava', 'A E Evins']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms, even those below diagnostic threshold, enhance the likelihood of nicotine dependence, suggesting a neurobiological link between disorders. Of particular interest is the salience network (SN), which mediates attention to salient internal/external stimuli to guide behavior and is anchored by the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (dACC) and bilateral anterior insula (AI). Disrupted interactions between the SN and the default mode (DMN) and central executive networks (CEN) have been noted in both ADHD and nicotine dependence. Further, enhanced intra-SN coupling between the dACC-AI influences aspects of nicotine dependence such as reactivity to smoking cues.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('To identify links between SN functional connectivity and ADHD symptoms in nicotine dependence, we compared 21 nicotine dependent individuals with 17 non-smokers on ADHD symptoms as measured by the ADHD self-report scale (ASRS) and resting state intra and inter-SN functional connectivity.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Relative to healthy controls, nicotine dependent individuals had significantly higher ASRS scores and greater dACC-AI coupling. No group differences were noted on inter-SN network coupling. A significant association was found between ASRS and dACC-AI coupling both in the entire cohort and specifically when evaluating nicotine dependent individuals alone.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The greater ASRS scores in nicotine dependent individuals is in line with existent literature and the stronger dACC-AI coupling in smokers further supports the role of this network in nicotine dependence. The significant association between dACC-AI coupling and ASRS suggests that intra-SN coupling strength may impact neurocognitive functioning associated with both ADHD symptoms and nicotine dependence.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33245486,Ubiquinone Levels as a Marker of Antioxidant System in Children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Child', 'Ubiquinone']","['Yüksel Sümeyra Karagöz', 'Özlem Doğan', 'Serenay Elgün', 'Didem Behice Öztop', 'Birim Günay Kılıç']","['The aims of this study are to compare serum ubiquinone levels in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) with healthy controls and to investigate the correlation between ubiquinone levels of children with ADHD and their ADHD symptoms. Twenty-seven children who are 6-12\xa0years old age with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder having clinically normal intelligence and 23 children with clinically normal intelligence and no psychiatric disorder of similar age and sex who referred to Ankara University School of Medicine Department of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry were included in this study. All children were diagnosed by same researcher using the Semi-Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV Scale for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia Interview for School Children-Now and for the Life-Long Version (K-SADS-PL). Parents and teachers of the children completed the Conners Parent Rating Scale Revised Long Form (CPRS-LF) and Conners Teacher Rating Scale Revised Long Form (CTRS-LF). There were no statistically significant differences regarding the age, gender, and sociodemographic data of the groups. Serum ubiquinone levels of the ADHD group were significantly lower than the control group. We did not find any correlation between ubiquinone levels and clinical values. Since ubiquinone levels are lower in children with ADHD compared with controls, we suggest that decreased antioxidant levels may play a role in ADHD pathogenesis by disrupting oxidative balance.']"32456747,Is There a Functional Relation Between Set Shifting and Hyperactivity in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)?,"['ADHD', 'Cognitive flexibility', 'Executive function', 'Global–local', 'Hyperactivity', 'Set shifting']","['Lauren N Irwin', 'Nicole B Groves', 'Elia F Soto', 'Michael J Kofler']","[StringElement(""Replicated evidence indicates that children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) show disproportionate increases in hyperactivity/physical movement when their underdeveloped executive functions are taxed. However, our understanding of hyperactivity's relation with set shifting is limited, which is surprising given set shifting's importance as the third core executive function alongside working memory and inhibition. The aim of this study was to experimentally examine the effect of imposing set shifting and inhibition demands on objectively measured activity level in children with and without ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The current study used a validated experimental manipulation to differentially evoke set shifting, inhibition, and general cognitive demands in a carefully phenotyped sample of children aged 8-13 years with ADHD (n\xa0=\xa043) and without ADHD (n\xa0=\xa034). Activity level was sampled during each task using multiple, high-precision actigraphs; total hyperactivity scores (THS) were calculated.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Results of the 2 × 5 Bayesian ANOVA for hyperactivity revealed strong support for a main effect of task (BF10 = 1.79 × 1018, p < .001, ω2 = .20), such that children upregulated their physical movement in response to general cognitive demands and set shifting demands specifically, but not in response to increased inhibition demands. Importantly, however, this manipulation did not disproportionally increase hyperactivity in ADHD as demonstrated by significant evidence against the task × group interaction (BF01 = 18.21, p = .48, ω2 = .002).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""Inhibition demands do not cause children to upregulate their physical activity. Set shifting produces reliable increases in children's physical movement/hyperactivity over and above the effects of general cognitive demands but cannot specifically explain hyperactivity in children with ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35088528,Decreased interoceptive accuracy in children with autism spectrum disorder and with comorbid attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['autism spectrum disorders', 'autistic traits', 'eye-tracking', 'interoception']","['Han-Xue Yang', 'Han-Yu Zhou', 'Ying Li', 'Yong-Hua Cui', 'Yang Xiang', 'Rong-Man Yuan', 'Simon S Y Lui', 'Raymond C K Chan']","['Interoception refers to the awareness of internal physiological state. Several previous studies reported that people with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) and adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have diverse patterns of interoception, but the extent of literature is limited and inconsistent. This study aimed to investigate the interoceptive accuracy (IA) in children with ASD, children with comorbid ASD and ADHD, and typically developing (TD) children with high and low levels of autistic traits. We administered the eye-tracking interoceptive accuracy task (EIAT) to 30 children with ASD, 20 children with comorbid ASD and ADHD, and 63 TD controls with high and low levels of autistic traits. Parent-report scales concerning ASD and ADHD symptoms were collected. ASD children with and without comorbid ADHD both exhibited lower IA than TD children. Reduced IA was also found in TD children with high-autistic traits relative to those with low-autistic traits. IA was negatively correlated with autistic and ADHD symptoms. Atypical cardiac interoception could be found in children with ASD. Difficulties in sensing and comprehending internal bodily signals in childhood may be related to both ASD and ADHD symptoms. LAY SUMMARY: The present study examined interoceptive accuracy (IA) in children with autism spectrum disorders (ASD), children with comorbid ASD and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and typically developing (TD) children with high and low levels of autistic traits. ASD children with and without comorbid ADHD both exhibited lower IA than TD children. TD children with high-autistic traits exhibited decreased IA compared to those with low-autistic traits. These results\xa0have implications for understanding sensory atypicality found in ASD and ADHD.']"31129679,Clinical Implications of the Perception of Time in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): A Review.,[],"['Radek Ptacek', 'Simon Weissenberger', 'Ellen Braaten', 'Martina Klicperova-Baker', 'Michal Goetz', 'Jiri Raboch', 'Martina Vnukova', 'George B Stefano']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a lifelong neurodevelopmental disorder that can affect many areas of the daily life of individuals and is associated with poor health outcomes and with debilitating deficits in executive function. Recently, increasing numbers of research studies have begun to investigate the associations between neural and behavioral manifestations of ADHD. This review summarizes recent research on the perception of time in ADHD and proposes that this symptom is a possible diagnostic characteristic. Controlled studies on time perception have compared individuals with ADHD with typically developing controls (TDCs) and have used methods that include the Zimbardo Time Perspective Inventory (ZTPI). Practical approaches to time perception and its evaluation have shown that individuals with ADHD have difficulties in time estimation and discrimination activities as well as having the feeling that time is passing by without them being able to complete tasks accurately and well. Although ADHD has been associated with neurologic abnormalities in the mesolimbic and dopaminergic systems, recent studies have found that when individuals with ADHD are treated medically, their perception of time tends to normalize. The relationship between ADHD and the perception of time requires greater attention. Further studies on time perception in ADHD with other abnormalities, including executive function, might be approaches that refine the classification and diagnosis of ADHD and should include studies on its varied presentation in different age groups.']"34585995,"The Adverse Health Outcomes, Economic Burden, and Public Health Implications of Unmanaged Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): A Call to Action Resulting from CHADD Summit, Washington, DC, October 17, 2019.","['ADHD', 'health economy', 'health service use', 'health-related quality of life', 'screening']","['Bob Cattoi', 'Ingrid Alpern', 'Jeffrey S Katz', 'David Keepnews', 'Mary V Solanto']","['Recent research has increasingly documented the adverse effects of ADHD on physical health in addition to its well-known effects on emotional health. Responding to this concern, CHADD organized a summit meeting of health care providers, governmental and other health-related organizations, and health care payers. A White Paper generated from the meeting reviewed the adverse health outcomes, economic burden and public health implications of unmanaged ADHD. Here we summarize the resulting Calls to Action to the various stakeholder groups including: increased awareness and education of providers; development of professional guidelines for diagnosis and treatment; insurance coverage of the relevant services; support of research targeting the role of ADHD in the etiology and treatment of physical illness; and public education campaigns.']"32803292,The 10-year trend in drug prescriptions for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in Germany.,"['Ambulatory care', 'Attention-deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Cohort studies', 'Drug prescriptions', 'Methylphenidate']","['Thomas Grimmsmann', 'Wolfgang Himmel']","[StringElement('The aim of this study was to analyse whether the global trend in drug prescriptions for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorders (ADHD), as observed during the last years and often criticized as medicalization, have remained stable or shifted.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This observational study was based on a secondary analysis of data from a large German database including patients with an ADHD diagnosis between 2008 and 2018. Prescription data comprised all important ADHD drugs.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 620 practices delivered data from a total of 77,504 patients (31% of them females) with a diagnosis of AHDH. Nearly 38% (29,396/77,504) of all patients received, at least, one prescription for an ADHS medicine between 2008 and 2018. The number of patients receiving a drug steadily increased annually until 2012 and then slowly fell, but unevenly distributed across the age groups. While the number of younger patients (\u2009≤ 16 years) receiving a prescription fell by 24% and the defined daily doses (DDDs) remained stable, the number of patients between 17 and 24\xa0years receiving a prescription increased by 113% and the DDDs by 150%. Respectively, the number of older adults (≥\u200925\xa0years) with a prescription\xa0increased by 355% and the DDDs by\xa0515%. Nearly one-third of older adults received an ADHD medicine only once.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The ever-increasing prescription of ADHD medicines stopped some years ago for children. ADHS and its pharmacological management are increasingly observed among older adolescents and adults, with a different pattern of drug persistence compared with children.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"28145657,Comparison of QEEG Findings between Adolescents with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) without Comorbidity and ADHD Comorbid with Internet Gaming Disorder.,"['Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Coherence Analysis', 'Internet Gaming Disorder', 'Quantitative Electroencephalogram', 'Spectral Analysis']","['Jeong Ha Park', 'Ji Sun Hong', 'Doug Hyun Han', 'Kyoung Joon Min', 'Young Sik Lee', 'Baik Seok Kee', 'Sun Mi Kim']","[""Internet gaming disorder (IGD) is often comorbid with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). In this study, we compared the neurobiological differences between ADHD comorbid with IGD (ADHD+IGD group) and ADHD without comorbidity (ADHD-only group) by analyzing quantitative electroencephalogram (QEEG) findings. We recruited 16 male ADHD+IGD, 15 male ADHD-only adolescent patients, and 15 male healthy controls (HC group). Participants were assessed using Young's Internet Addiction Scale and ADHD Rating Scale. Relative power and inter- and intra-hemispheric coherences of brain waves were measured using a digital electroencephalography (EEG) system. Compared to the ADHD-only group, the ADHD+IGD group showed lower relative delta power and greater relative beta power in temporal regions. The relative theta power in frontal regions were higher in ADHD-only group compared to HC group. Inter-hemispheric coherence values for the theta band between F3-F4 and C3-C4 electrodes were higher in ADHD-only group compared to HC group. Intra-hemispheric coherence values for the delta, theta, alpha, and beta bands between P4-O2 electrodes and intra-hemispheric coherence values for the theta band between Fz-Cz and T4-T6 electrodes were higher in ADHD+IGD group compared to ADHD-only group. Adolescents who show greater vulnerability to ADHD seem to continuously play Internet games to unconsciously enhance attentional ability. In turn, relative beta power in attention deficit in ADHD+IGD group may become similar to that in HC group. Repetitive activation of brain reward and working memory systems during continuous gaming may result in an increase in neuronal connectivity within the parieto-occipital and temporal regions for the ADHD+IGD group.""]"35362330,Prevalence of co-occurring autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder among children in the United States.,"['NSCH', 'National Survey of Children’s Health', 'attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'co-occurring ASD and ADHD', 'prevalence of ASD and ADHD']",['Myriam Casseus'],"[StringElement(""Autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder are neurodevelopmental disorders that often co-occur in children. However, there are few large, nationally representative studies examining the prevalence of co-occurring autism spectrum disorder\u2009and\u2009attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children. The aim of this study was to estimate the prevalence of parent-reported co-occurring autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder in the United States and examine associations between having co-occurring autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and sociodemographic and household factors. Data were analyzed from the 2016-2018 National Survey of Children's Health. A total of 88,051 children aged 3-17\u2009years old were included in the analysis. Statistical analyses were conducted to assess the associations between sociodemographic and household characteristics and current co-occurrence of autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Approximately 1.2% of children (740,816) aged 3-17\u2009years had co-occurring autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Children who were male, older, reported poor health, or had public or combined public and private health insurance were more likely to have co-occurring autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Conversely, children who were Black, non-Hispanic or multi-racial/other, non-Hispanic were less likely to report co-occurring autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder than White non-Hispanics. Findings suggest implementing early developmental screening and surveillance for co-occurring autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, and coordinating strategies that optimize early identification and intervention for all children suspected of having co-occurring autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, particularly those from underrepresented groups."", attributes={'Label': 'LAY ABSTRACT'})]"35509143,Longer screen time utilization is associated with the polygenic risk for Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder with mediation by brain white matter microstructure.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Brain tractography', 'Longitudinal analysis', 'Polygenic risk for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Screen time utilization']","['Anyi Yang', 'Edmund T Rolls', 'Guiying Dong', 'Jingnan Du', 'Yuzhu Li', 'Jianfeng Feng', 'Wei Cheng', 'Xing-Ming Zhao']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been reported to be associated with longer screen time utilization (STU) at the behavioral level. However, whether there are shared neural links between ADHD symptoms and prolonged STU is not clear and has not been explored in a single large-scale dataset.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Leveraging the genetics, neuroimaging and behavioral data of 11,000+ children aged 9-11 from the Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development cohort, this study investigates the associations between the polygenic risk and trait for ADHD, STU, and white matter microstructure through cross-sectionally and longitudinal analyses.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children with higher polygenic risk scores for ADHD tend to have longer STU and more severe ADHD symptoms. Fractional anisotropy (FA) values in several white matter tracts are negatively correlated with both the ADHD polygenic risk score and STU, including the inferior frontal-striatal tract, inferior frontal-occipital fasciculus, superior longitudinal fasciculus and corpus callosum. Most of these tracts are linked to visual-related functions. Longitudinal analyses indicate a directional effect of white matter microstructure on the ADHD scale, and a bi-directional effect between the ADHD scale and STU. Furthermore, reduction of FA in several white matter tracts mediates the association between the ADHD polygenic risk score and STU.', attributes={'Label': 'FINDINGS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These findings shed new light on the shared neural overlaps between ADHD symptoms and prolonged STU, and provide evidence that the polygenic risk for ADHD is related, via white matter microstructure and the ADHD trait, to STU.', attributes={'Label': 'INTERPRETATION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('This study was mainly supported by NSFC and National Key R&D Program of China.', attributes={'Label': 'FUNDING', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"34403134,"A Practical, Evidence-informed Approach to Managing Stimulant-Refractory Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).",[],"['Samuele Cortese', 'Jeffrey H Newcorn', 'David Coghill']","['Stimulants (methylphenidate or amphetamines) are the recommended first-line option for the pharmacological treatment of individuals with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, some patients with ADHD will not respond optimally to stimulants. Here, we discuss strategies to manage stimulant-refractory ADHD, based on the recommendations advanced in clinical guidelines, knowledge of expert practice in the field, and our own clinical recommendations, informed by a comprehensive literature search in PubMed, PsycInfo, EMBASE + EMBASE classic, OVID Medline, and Web of Science (up to 30 March 2021). We first highlight the importance of stimulant optimization as an effective strategy to increase response. We then discuss a series of factors that should be considered before using alternative pharmacological strategies for ADHD, including poor adherence, time action properties of stimulants (and wearing-off of effects), poor tolerability (that prevents the use of higher, more effective doses), excessive focus on or confounding from presence of comorbid non-ADHD symptoms, and tolerance. Finally, we consider the role of non-stimulants and combined pharmacological approaches. While the choice of medication for ADHD is still to a large extent based on a trial-and-error process, there are reasonably accepted data and guidelines to aid in clinical decision-making. It is hoped that advances in precision psychiatry in the years ahead will further guide prescribers to tailor medication choice to the specific characteristics of the patient.']"32691156,"Evidence supporting the role of telomerase, MMP-9, and SIRT1 in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Child/adolescence', 'Cognitive', 'MMP-9', 'SIRT1', 'Telomerase']","['Ayla Uzun Cicek', 'Cansu Mercan Isik', 'Sevtap Bakir', 'Dilara Ulger', 'Seda Aybuke Sari', 'Deniz Bakir', 'Selim Cam']","[""Growing evidence suggests that telomeres, telomerase, matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9), and SIRT1 (sirtuin1) are involved in the pathophysiology of neuropsychiatric and neurodevelopmental disorders. However, whether these molecules are contributors to attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been little explored and poorly understood. This study aimed to determine the potential role of telomerase, MMP-9, and SIRT1 in children with ADHD. The study was performed on 46 children with ADHD aged between 8 and 14 and 43 healthy children matching in age and gender. Children were evaluated by Kiddie-Sads-Present and Lifetime Version, Conners' Parent Rating Scale-Revised Short Form (CPRS-RS) and Stroop test. Serum telomerase, MMP-9, and SIRT1 levels were measured by a quantitative sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. MMP-9 and telomerase levels were significantly higher and SIRT1 levels were significantly lower in patients with ADHD than those of controls. All three molecules were significantly associated with both the severity of ADHD symptoms and cognitive functions. This is the first attempt to indicate that the important role of telomerase, MMP-9, and SIRT1 in ADHD, and the association of all these molecules with the severity of ADHD and cognitive functions, but future studies are required to verify these results.""]"34797010,Altered single-subject gray matter structural networks in drug-naïve attention deficit hyperactivity disorder children.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'cognitive deficits', 'gray matter networks', 'psychoradiology', 'symptom severity']","['Ying Chen', 'Du Lei', 'Hengyi Cao', 'Running Niu', 'Fuqin Chen', 'Lizhou Chen', 'Jinbo Zhou', 'Xinyu Hu', 'Xiaoqi Huang', 'Lanting Guo', 'John A Sweeney', 'Qiyong Gong']","['Altered topological organization of brain structural covariance networks has been observed in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, results have been inconsistent, potentially related to confounding medication effects. In addition, since structural networks are traditionally constructed at the group level, variabilities in individual structural features remain to be well characterized. Structural brain imaging with MRI was performed on 84 drug-naïve children with ADHD and 83 age-matched healthy controls. Single-subject gray matter (GM) networks were obtained based on areal similarities of GM, and network topological properties were analyzed using graph theory. Group differences in each topological metric were compared using nonparametric permutation testing. Compared with healthy subjects, GM networks in ADHD patients demonstrated significantly altered topological characteristics, including higher global and local efficiency and clustering coefficient, and shorter path length. In addition, ADHD patients exhibited abnormal centrality in corticostriatal circuitry including the superior frontal gyrus, orbitofrontal gyrus, medial superior frontal gyrus, precentral gyrus, middle temporal gyrus, and pallidum (all p\xa0<\u2009.05, false discovery rate [FDR] corrected). Altered global and nodal topological efficiencies were associated with the severity of hyperactivity symptoms and the performance on the Stroop and Wisconsin Card Sorting Test tests (all p\xa0<\u2009.05, FDR corrected). ADHD combined and inattention subtypes were differentiated by nodal attributes of amygdala (p\xa0<\u2009.05, FDR corrected). Alterations in GM network topologies were observed in drug-naïve ADHD patients, in particular in frontostriatal loops and amygdala. These alterations may contribute to impaired cognitive functioning and impulsive behavior in ADHD.']"30236592,"Parent SNAP-IV rating of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: accuracy in a clinical sample of ADHD, validity, and reliability in a Brazilian sample.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Avaliação psicológica', 'Clinical psychiatry', 'Oppositional defiant disorder', 'Psicometria', 'Psiquiatria clínica', 'Psychological assessment', 'Psychometrics', 'Transtorno de déficit de atenção/hiperatividade', 'Transtorno desafiador de oposição']","['Danielle S Costa', 'Jonas Jardim de Paula', 'Leandro F Malloy-Diniz', 'Marco A Romano-Silva', 'Débora M Miranda']","[StringElement('To investigate the psychometric properties of the short or multimodal treatment study version of the Swanson, Nolan, and Pelham, Version IV (SNAP-IV) scale, which measures attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and oppositional defiant disorder symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Participants were 765 parents of children from 4 to 16 years old (641 non-attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and 124 attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder children) from Belo Horizonte, Brazil, who reported sociodemographic characteristics and answered the SNAP-IV. Parents of the clinical sample also underwent the K-SADS-PL interview.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Age was significantly associated with SNAP-IV hyperactivity-impulsivity problems (r=-0.14), but not with inattention or oppositional defiant disorder. Sex was a significant influence on attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and oppositional defiant disorder severity (all p<0.001), with boys showing higher scores in the full sample, but not within the attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder group. Exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis supports a three-factor structure of the SNAP-IV scale. Moderate-to-strong correlations were found between SNAP-IV and K-SADS-PL measures. All SNAP-IV scales showed very high internal consistency coefficients (all above 0.91). SNAP-IV inattention scores were the most predictive of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder diagnosis (AUC: 0.877 for the averaging rating method and the raw sum method, and 0.874 for the symptom presence/absence method).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The parent SNAP-IV showed good psychometric properties in a Brazilian school and clinical sample.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32450489,Relation of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) to basic number skills and arithmetic fact retrieval in children.,"['Arithmetic fact retrieval', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Executive function', 'Mathematical cognition', 'Primary school children', 'State anxiety', 'Time pressure']","['Lars Orbach', 'Moritz Herzog', 'Annemarie Fritz']","['Although research has provided evidence for a clear association of core executive function (CEF) to math performance, fewer studies have been carried out on arithmetic fact retrieval in relation to the symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The present study assessed mathematical achievement on a basic number skill test and on an arithmetic fact retrieval task. Besides math achievement, self-ratings of ADHD symptoms (attention deficits, hyperactivity, impulsivity), core executive functions (inhibition, cognitive flexibility, working memory capacity, global index) and state anxiety in 646 fourth and fifth grade students (48.1 % girls) were measured. CEF was evaluated by means of a tablet-based test. Regression analysis showed different predictors for both math abilities. While all CEF measures, inattention and impulsivity self-ratings predicted basic number skills, only inhibition, WMC and inattention self-rating were predictors of arithmetic fact retrieval. On the basis of a cluster analysis of ADHD self-ratings and CEF performance, three different groups were identified: 1: low ADHD, average CEF; 2: high ADHD, low CEF; 3: moderate ADHD, high CEF. Cluster 2 showed scores below the mean in both math scores, whereas cluster 3 exhibited performances above the mean in both math scores. No math differences were found between cluster 1 and 3. The data yield evidence that the association between CEF and math achievement depends on the specific math skill and test type. The results underline the importance of differentiating between CEF components and specific math abilities. Implications for future research on the associations between mathematics, ADHD and CEF are discussed.']"33182303,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): Integrating the MOXO-dCPT with an Eye Tracker Enhances Diagnostic Precision.,"['MOXO-dCPT', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'continuous performance tests (CPT)', 'eye movements']","['Tomer Elbaum', 'Yoram Braw', 'Astar Lev', 'Yuri Rassovsky']","[""Clinical decision-making may be enhanced when combining psychophysiological sensors with computerized neuropsychological tests. The current study explored the utility of integrating an eye tracker with a commercially available continuous performance test (CPT), the MOXO-dCPT. As part of the study, the performance of adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) patients and healthy controls (<i>n</i> = 43, <i>n</i> = 42, respectively) was compared in the integrated system. More specifically, the MOXO-dCPT has four stages, which differ in their combinations of ecological visual and auditory dynamic distractors. By exploring the participants' performance in each of the stages, we were able to show that: (a) ADHD patients spend significantly more time gazing at irrelevant areas of interest (AOIs) compared to healthy controls; (b) visual distractors are particularly effective in impacting ADHD patients' eye movements, suggesting their enhanced utility in diagnostic procedures; (c) combining gaze direction data and conventional CPT indices enhances group prediction, compared to the sole use of conventional indices. Overall, the findings indicate the utility of eye tracker-integrated CPTs and their enhanced diagnostic precision. They also suggest that the use of attention-grabbing visual distractors may be a promising path for the evolution of existing CPTs by shortening their duration and enhancing diagnostic precision.""]"34283391,Treatment with Methylphenidate for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and the Risk of All-Cause Poisoning in Children and Adolescents: A Self-Controlled Case Series Study.,[],"['Le Gao', 'Kenneth K C Man', 'Esther W Chan', 'Celine S L Chui', 'Xue Li', 'David Coghill', 'Kam Lun Hon', 'Man Li Tse', 'Terry Y S Lum', 'Kirstie H T W Wong', 'Patrick Ip', 'Ian C K Wong']","[StringElement('Children and adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are at higher risk of all-cause poisoning by drugs and chemicals (intentional or accidental). Currently, there is limited data on whether medication treatment for ADHD can reduce the risk of all-cause poisoning.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Patients aged 5-18 years with a methylphenidate (MPH) prescription and an incident poisoning diagnosis between January 2001 and June 2020 were identified from the Hong Kong Clinical Data Analysis and Reporting System. A self-controlled case series study design was used to compare the incidence rate ratios (IRRs) of all-cause poisoning during different risk windows (30 days before the first MPH prescription, exposure periods within 30 days of the first prescription, and periods of subsequent exposure) compared with the reference window (other non-exposure periods).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('42,203 patients were prescribed ADHD medication in Hong Kong during the study period. Of these, 417 patients who had both an MPH prescription and poisoning incident recorded were included in the main analysis. Compared with other non-exposed periods, a higher risk of poisoning was found in the 30 days before the first prescription (IRR 2.64, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.33-5.22) and exposure periods within 30 days of the first prescription (IRR 2.18, 95% CI 1.06-4.48), but not during prolonged exposure. However, compared with 30 days before the first prescription as well as exposure periods within 30 days of the first prescription, there was a lower risk during the subsequent exposure (IRRs 0.49 and 0.60, respectively). Similar results to the main analysis were also found in the subgroup analysis of intentional poisoning and females, but not in that of accidental poisoning and males.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The risk of all-cause poisoning was higher shortly before and after the first MPH prescription and became lower during the subsequent prescription period. Our results do not support an association between the use of MPH and an increased risk of all-cause poisoning in children and adolescents and, in fact, suggest that longer-term use of MPH may be associated with a lower risk of all-cause poisoning, although this latter finding requires further study.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33118314,"Eating behaviors, depression, and anxiety levels of pre bariatric surgery patients with obesity comorbid with or without Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder: ADHD or Major Depression? Which is more related with eating behaviors?","['bariatric surgery', 'binge eating', 'disinhibition of eating', 'emotional eating', 'susceptibility to hunger']","['Ebru Şahan', 'Meliha Zengin Eroğlu', 'Sencan Sertçelik']","[StringElement('A high rate of attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been reported in patients undergoing obesity treatment. It is controversial whether ADHD solely or its comorbid disorders account for eating behaviors associated with obesity.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('After presurgery psychiatric assessment, 100 severely obese patients (50 with ADHD and 50 without ADHD) were administered Adult Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Self-Report Scale(ASRS), Wender Utah Rating Scale(WURS), Three-Factor Eating Questionnaire(TFEQ), and Beck Depression Inventory(BDI) and Beck Anxiety Inventory(BAI).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Patients with obesity and ADHD had significantly greater emotional eating, susceptibility to hunger, depression, and anxiety but less restraint of eating scores than those without ADHD. Disinhibition of eating scores and presence of Binge Eating Disorder(BED) did not differ significantly between ADHD and non-ADHD groups. Obese patients with major depression had significantly higher ASRS, WURS, TFEQ, BAI scores, disinhibition of eating control, emotional eating, susceptibility to hunger, and diagnosis of BED than nondepressed ones.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Major depression and anxiety disorder have associations with disinhibition of eating control, emotional eating, susceptibility to hunger and BED, ADHD. Disinhibition of eating and BED did not differ according to the presence of ADHD; thus, depression was associated with eating control on more constructs than ADHD in our study.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31161393,Low-moderate prenatal alcohol exposure and offspring attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['ADHD', 'Alcohol', 'Attention', 'Behaviour', 'Consumption', 'Hyperactivity', 'Pregnancy', 'Prenatal', 'Systematic review']","['Macarena San Martin Porter', 'Joemer Calderon Maravilla', 'Kim Steven Betts', 'Rosa Alati']","[StringElement('To evaluate the available evidence on the association between low-to-moderate prenatal alcohol exposure (PAE) and the development of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in the offspring.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE'}), StringElement('We systematically reviewed and meta-analysed studies reporting an association between low and/or moderate PAE and offspring ADHD symptoms (attention and/or hyperactivity). Systematic searches were performed in EMBASE, Pubmed, Medline, and PsycINFO and reviewed from selected references. Random effects modelling was conducted to pool adjusted odds ratios (OR) in different alcohol consumption levels (≤\u200920\xa0g/week,\u2009≤\u200950\xa0g/week, and\u2009≤\u200970\xa0g/week). Stratified analysis by sex per alcohol level was conducted to investigate the difference on OR and the magnitude between-study heterogeneity.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Ten studies were included in the systematic review and six in the meta-analysis. Eight studies found no association and two studies suggested an apparent protective effect of low PAE in hyperactivity/inattention symptoms in boys. These results were confirmed by the meta-analysis showing no association between\u2009≤\u200920\xa0g/week [OR 1.01 (0.68-1.49)], ≤\u200950\xa0g/week [OR 0.94 (0.85-1.03)] and ≤\u200970\xa0g/week [OR 0.94 (0.86-1.02)] and ADHD symptoms, with no evidence of publication bias. Stratified analysis by sex for a PAE\u2009≤\u200950\xa0g/week exposed less risk of ADHD symptoms in boys compared to girls [OR 0.89 (0.83-0.96)].', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We found no increased risk of ADHD symptoms in offspring born to mothers who drank alcohol up to 70\xa0g/week.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33497288,The effect of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) on driving behavior and risk perception.,"['ADHD', 'Driving', 'accident involvement', 'hazard perception', 'risk assessment', 'speed adaptation']","['B Lidestam', 'H Selander', 'T Vaa', 'B Thorslund']","[StringElement('To examine the effect of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) on differences in driving behavior and risk perception, in experienced drivers.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A total of 147 experienced drivers participated in the study. Drivers with ADHD (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u200991) were compared to an age-matched control group of drivers (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u200956) with no neuropsychiatric diagnoses. A simulator driving test (SDT) was used in the study and included a driving scenario with various traffic environments to examine any differences in number of collisions, number of speedings, risk index (based on 12 risky situations), speed adaptation (based on 19 road sections), mean speed, and preferred speed, between the two groups. The participants also completed a questionnaire about their driving behavior.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('No differences in the simulator driving test were found between the ADHD group and the control group. No adverse effects of ADHD were found for any of the measures, i.e., collisions, number of speeding, risk index, speed adaptation, mean speed and preferred speed. The only significant group difference was that drivers with ADHD rated themselves lower on concentration.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Participants with ADHD and the control group drove remarkably similarly in the simulator driving test and rated themselves similarly regarding how they drive. The results contribute to state that ADHD drivers are less deviant than asserted by previous research.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30651172,Risk of Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Other Psychiatric Disorders in Siblings of ADHD Probands.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Comorbidity', 'Comorbilidad', 'Familiares de primer grado', 'First-degree relatives', 'Hermanos', 'Riesgo', 'Risk', 'Siblings', 'Trastorno por déficit de atención e hiperactividad']","['Catalina Hidalgo-López', 'Alejandra María Gómez-Álzate', 'Jenny García-Valencia', 'Juan David Palacio-Ortiz']","[StringElement('Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) occurs more frequently in first-degree relatives. It is believed that this risk is not specific to this disorder but also occurs with other psychopathologies. The study of siblings of ADHD probands is an interesting field since they share common environmental factors.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This is a narrative literature review. A bibliographic search was performed on PubMed and PsychNet databases and topic-related publications were included without date of publication or study design limits.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Siblings of patients with ADHD have a higher likelihood of having this disorder when compared to controls, with odds ratios (OR) ranging between 11.4 and 13.5. Among these siblings, ADHD prevalence ranges between 26 and 45.2%. Siblings with ADHD and those without ADHD have an increased risk of having other disorders, the most frequent being oppositional defiant disorder (ODD).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Siblings of people with ADHD have an increased risk of having the same disorder. The risk of having another psychiatric disorder markedly increases when the sibling also presents ADHD; this is especially true for ODD, substance use disorder and bipolar disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35461644,Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder in adults: A case study.,"['Adult', 'Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Misuse', 'Psychoeducation', 'Stimulant']","['Keith O Plowden', 'Timothy Legg', 'Dana Wiley']","['Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is often misdiagnosed or mistreated in adults because it is often thought of as a childhood problem. If a child is diagnosed and treated for the disorder, it often persists into adulthood. In adult ADHD, the symptoms may be comorbid or mimic other conditions making diagnosis and treatment difficult. Adults with ADHD require an in-depth assessment for proper diagnosis and treatment. The presentation and treatment of adults with ADHD can be complex and often requires interdisciplinary care. Mental health and non-mental health providers often overlook the disorder or feel uncomfortable treating adults with ADHD. The purpose of this manuscript is to discuss the diagnosis and management of adults with ADHD.']"32360494,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in 2- to 5-Year-Olds: A Primary Care Network Experience.,"['Developmental and Behavioral Pediatrics', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'community pediatrics', 'electronic health records', 'health services research']","['Yair Bannett', 'Heidi M Feldman', 'Rebecca M Gardner', 'Ondrej Blaha', 'Lynne C Huffman']","[StringElement('To assess 1) rates of primary care provider (PCP) diagnosis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in young children, 2) documented PCP adherence to ADHD clinical practice guidelines, and 3) patient factors influencing PCP variation in diagnosis and management.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Retrospective cohort study of electronic health records from all office visits of children aged 2 to 5 years, seen ≥2 times between 2015 and 2019, in 10 practices of a community-based primary health care network. Outcomes included ADHD diagnosis (symptom or disorder), and adherence to guidelines in 1) comorbidity documentation at or after ADHD diagnosis, 2) ADHD medication choice, and 3) follow-up of medicated patients. Logistic regressions assessed associations between outcomes and patient characteristics.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of 29,408 eligible children, 195 (0.7%) had ADHD diagnoses. Of those, 56% had solely symptom-level diagnoses (eg, hyperactivity); 54% had documented comorbidities. ADHD medications were prescribed only to 4- to 5-year olds (40 of 195 [21%]); 85% received stimulants as first-line medication; 48% had follow-up visits within 2 months. Likelihood of ADHD diagnosis was higher for children with public or military insurance (odds ratio [OR] 1.94; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.40-2.66; OR 3.17; 95% CI 1.93-4.96). Likelihood of comorbidity documentation was lower for older ADHD patients (OR 0.48; 95% CI 0.32-0.71) and higher for those with military insurance (OR 3.11; 95% CI 1.13-9.58).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('PCPs in this network frequently used symptom-level ADHD diagnoses in 2- to 5-year olds; ADHD diagnosis rates were below estimated population prevalence, with evidence for sociodemographic disparities. PCP comorbidity documentation and choice of stimulant medications were consistent with guidelines. Rates of timely follow-up were low.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34160725,Investigating Motor Preparation in Autism Spectrum Disorder With and Without Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Autism spectrum disorder (ASD)', 'EEG', 'Lateralized readiness potential (LRP)', 'Motor preparation', 'Prediction']","['Marta Migó', 'Sylvia B Guillory', 'Christopher S McLaughlin', 'Emily L Isenstein', 'Hannah E Grosman', 'Katharine N Thakkar', 'Francisco X Castellanos', 'Jennifer H Foss-Feig']","['This study investigated motor preparation and action-consequence prediction using the lateralized readiness potential (LRP). Motor impairments are common in autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), which commonly co-occur. Alterations in predictive processes may impact motor planning. Whether motor planning deficits are characteristic of ASD broadly or magnified in the context of co-morbid ADHD is unclear. ASD children with (ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD; n\u2009=\u200912) and without (ASD\u2009-\u2009ADHD; n\u2009=\u20099) comorbid ADHD and typical controls (n\u2009=\u200929) performed voluntary motor actions that either did or did not result in auditory consequences. ASD\u2009-\u2009ADHD children demonstrated LRP enhancement when their action produced an effect while ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD children had attenuated responses regardless of action-effect pairings. Findings suggest influence of ADHD comorbidity on motor preparation and prediction in ASD.']"34811752,Development of a risk calculator to predict attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in very preterm/very low birth weight newborns.,"['Prematurity', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'low birth weight', 'prediction']","['Adelar Pedro Franz', 'Arthur Caye', 'Bárbara Calil Lacerda', 'Flávia Wagner', 'Rita C Silveira', 'Renato Soibelmann Procianoy', 'Carlos Renato Moreira-Maia', 'Luis Augusto Rohde']","[StringElement('Very preterm/very low birth weight (VP/VLBW) newborns can have lifelong morbidities, as attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Clinicians have no markers to discriminate which among those individuals will develop later ADHD, based only on the clinical presentation at birth. Our aim was to develop an individualized risk calculator for ADHD in VP/VLBW newborns.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This retrospective prognostic study included a consecutive sample of all VP/VLBW children (gestational age <32\u2009weeks and/or birth weight <1.5\u2009kg) born between 2010 and 2012 from a clinical cohort in a Brazilian tertiary care hospital. Children were clinically assessed at 6\u2009years of age for ADHD using the Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-Age Children (K-SADS). The least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) method was used for model-building.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Ninety-six VP/VLBW children were assessed at 6\u2009years of age (92% follow-up), of whom 32 (33%) were diagnosed with ADHD. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) for ADHD prediction based on seven parameters (late-onset sepsis confirmed by blood culture, necrotizing enterocolitis, neonatal seizures, periventricular leukomalacia, respiratory distress syndrome, length of hospital stay, and number of maternal ADHD symptoms) was .875 (CI, 0.800-0.942, p\u2009<\u2009.001; AUC corrected for optimism with bootstrapping: .806), a performance that is comparable to other medical risk calculators. Compared to approaches that would offer early intervention to all, or intervention to none, the risk calculator will be more useful in selecting VP/VLBW newborns, with statistically significant net benefits at cost:benefits of around 1:2 to around 10:6 (range of ADHD risk thresholds of 32%-62%, respectively). It also showed specificity for ADHD compared to other prevalent child psychopathologies.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The risk calculator showed good performance for early identification of VP/VLBW newborns at high risk of future ADHD diagnosis. External validity in population-based samples is needed to extend clinical usefulness.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35640787,Methylphenidate remediates aberrant brain network dynamics in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A randomized controlled trial.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Cognitive control network', 'Dynamic time-varying cross-network interaction', 'Methylphenidate', 'Salience network']","['Yoshifumi Mizuno', 'Weidong Cai', 'Kaustubh Supekar', 'Kai Makita', 'Shinichiro Takiguchi', 'Akemi Tomoda', 'Vinod Menon']","['Methylphenidate is a widely used first-line treatment for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but the underlying circuit mechanisms are poorly understood. Here we investigate whether a single dose of osmotic release oral system methylphenidate can remediate attention deficits and aberrancies in functional circuit dynamics in cognitive control networks, which have been implicated in ADHD. In a randomized placebo-controlled double-blind crossover design, 27 children with ADHD were scanned twice with resting-state functional MRI and sustained attention was examined using a continuous performance task under methylphenidate and placebo conditions; 49 matched typically-developing (TD) children were scanned once for comparison. Dynamic time-varying cross-network interactions between the salience (SN), frontoparietal (FPN), and default mode (DMN) networks were examined in children with ADHD under both administration conditions and compared with TD children. Methylphenidate improved sustained attention on a continuous performance task in children with ADHD, when compared to the placebo condition. Children with ADHD under placebo showed aberrancies in dynamic time-varying cross-network interactions between the SN, FPN and DMN, which were remediated by methylphenidate. Multivariate classification analysis confirmed that methylphenidate remediates aberrant dynamic brain network interactions. Furthermore, dynamic time-varying network interactions under placebo conditions predicted individual differences in methylphenidate-induced improvements in sustained attention in children with ADHD. These findings suggest that a single dose of methylphenidate can remediate deficits in sustained attention and aberrant brain circuit dynamics in cognitive control circuits in children with ADHD. Findings identify a novel brain circuit mechanism underlying a first-line pharmacological treatment for ADHD, and may inform clinically useful biomarkers for evaluating treatment outcomes.']"36153331,Comprehensive analysis of omics data identifies relevant gene networks for Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,[],"['Judit Cabana-Domínguez', 'María Soler Artigas', 'Lorena Arribas', 'Silvia Alemany', 'Laura Vilar-Ribó', 'Natalia Llonga', 'Christian Fadeuilhe', 'Montse Corrales', 'Vanesa Richarte', 'Josep Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'Marta Ribasés']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a highly prevalent neurodevelopmental disorder that results from the interaction of both genetic and environmental risk factors. Genome-wide association studies have started to identify multiple genetic risk loci associated with ADHD, however, the exact causal genes and biological mechanisms remain largely unknown. We performed a multi-step analysis to identify and characterize modules of co-expressed genes associated with ADHD using data from peripheral blood mononuclear cells of 270 ADHD cases and 279 controls. We identified seven ADHD-associated modules of co-expressed genes, some of them enriched in both genetic and epigenetic signatures for ADHD and in biological pathways relevant for psychiatric disorders, such as the regulation of gene expression, epigenetics and immune system. In addition, for some of the modules, we found evidence of potential regulatory mechanisms, including microRNAs and common genetic variants. In conclusion, our results point to promising genes and pathways for ADHD, supporting the use of peripheral blood to assess gene expression signatures in psychiatric disorders. Furthermore, they highlight that the combination of multi-omics signals provides deeper and broader insights into the biological mechanisms underlying ADHD.']"31824658,Recent advances in understanding of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): how genetics are shaping our conceptualization of this disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Genome-wide association studies', 'Pharmacogenetics', 'genetic predisposition', 'genetics']","['Tetyana Zayats', 'Benjamin M Neale']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a clinically defined disorder, and inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity are its main symptom domains. The presentation, lifelong continuation and treatment response of ADHD symptoms, however, is highly heterogeneous. To better define, diagnose, treat and prevent ADHD, it is essential that we understand the biological processes underlying all of these elements. In this review, given the high heritability of ADHD, we discuss how and why genetics can foster such progress. We examine what genetics have taught us so far with regard to ADHD definition, classification, clinical presentation, diagnosis and treatment. Finally, we offer a prospect of what genetic studies on ADHD may bring in the future.']"28351412,Effect of Pycnogenol® on attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.,"['ADD', 'ADHD', 'Antioxidant', 'Behaviour', 'Catecholamines', 'Immunity', 'Oxidative stress', 'Polyphenols', 'Pycnogenol®']","['Annelies A J Verlaet', 'Berten Ceulemans', 'Helene Verhelst', 'Dirk Van West', 'Tess De Bruyne', 'Luc Pieters', 'Huub F J Savelkoul', 'Nina Hermans']","[StringElement('Methylphenidate (MPH), the first choice medication for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), is associated with serious adverse effects like arrhythmia. Evidence on the association of ADHD with immune and oxidant-antioxidant imbalances offers potential for antioxidant and/or immunomodulatory nutritional supplements as ADHD therapy. One small randomised trial in ADHD suggests, despite various limitations, therapeutic benefit from Pycnogenol®, a herbal, polyphenol-rich extract.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This phase III trial is a 10-week, randomised, double-blind, placebo and active treatment controlled multicentre trial with three parallel treatment arms to compare the effect of Pycnogenol® to MPH and placebo on the behaviour of 144 paediatric ADHD and attention-deficit disorder (ADD) patients. Evaluations of behaviour (measured by the ADHD-Rating Scale (primary endpoint) and the Social-emotional Questionnaire (SEQ)), immunity (plasma cytokine and antibody levels, white blood cell counts and faecal microbial composition), oxidative stress (erythrocyte glutathione, plasma lipid-soluble vitamins and malondialdehyde and urinary 8-OHdG levels, as well as antioxidant enzyme activity and gene expression), serum zinc and neuropeptide Y level, urinary catecholamines and physical complaints (Physical Complaints Questionnaire) will be performed in week 10 and compared to baseline. Acceptability evaluations will be based on adherence, dropouts and reports of adverse events. Dietary habits will be taken into account.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('This trial takes into account comorbid behavioural and physical symptoms, as well as a broad range of innovative immune and oxidative biomarkers, expected to provide fundamental knowledge on ADHD aetiology and therapy. Research on microbiota in ADHD is novel. Moreover, the active control arm is rather unseen in research on nutritional supplements, but of great importance, as patients and parents are often concerned with the side effects of MPH.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION'}), StringElement('Clinicaltrials.gov number: NCT02700685 . Registered on 18 January 2016. EudraCT 2016-000215-32 . Registered on 4 October 2016.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION'})]"35217314,Stress-related genetic components in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): Effects of the SERPINA6 and SERPINA1 genetic markers in a family-based brazilian sample.,"['ADHD', 'Cortisol', 'GWAS', 'HPA axis Dysregulation', 'SERPINA6']","['Marina Xavier Carpena', 'Karen Yumaira Sánchez-Luquez', 'Thais Martins-Silva', 'Thiago M Santos', 'Cid Pinheiro Farias', 'Daniel Gray Paschoal Leventhal', 'Barbara Berruti', 'Cristian Patrick Zeni', 'Marcelo Schmitz', 'Rodrigo Chazan', 'Mara H Hutz', 'Angélica Salatino-Oliveira', 'Julia P Genro', 'Luis Augusto Rohde', 'Luciana Tovo-Rodrigues']","[""SERPINA6 and SERPINA1 were recently identified as the main genes associated with plasma cortisol concentration in humans. Although dysregulation in the Hypothalamus-Pituitary-Adrenal (HPA) axis has been observed in Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), the molecular mechanisms underlying this relationship are still unclear. Evaluation of the SERPINA6/SERPINA1 gene cluster in ADHD may provide relevant information to uncover them. We tested the association between the SERPINA6/SERPINA1 locus, including 95 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), and ADHD, using data from a Brazilian clinical sample of 259 ADHD probands and their parents. The single SNP association was tested using binary logistic regression, and we performed Classification and Regression Tree (CART) analysis to evaluate genotype combinations' effects on ADHD susceptibility. We assessed SNPs' regulatory effects through the Genotype-Tissue Expression (GTEx) v8 tool, and performed a complementary look-up analysis in the largest ADHD GWAS to date. There was a suggestive association between ADHD and eight variants located in the SERPINA6 region and one in the intergenic region between SERPINA6 and SERPINA1 after correction for multiple tests (p\xa0<\xa00.032). CART analysis showed that the combined effects of genotype GG in rs2144833 and CC in rs10129500 were associated with ADHD (OR\xa0=\xa01.78; CI95%\xa0=\xa01.24-2.55). The GTEx assigned the SNPs as eQTLs for genes in different tissues, including SERPINA6, and the look-up analysis revealed two SNPs associated with ADHD. These results suggest a shared genetic component between cortisol levels and ADHD. HPA dysregulation/altered stress response in ADHD might be mediated by upregulation of corticosteroid binding globulin (CBG, encoded by SERPINA6) expression.""]"36165764,"Accuracy of administrative database algorithms for autism spectrum disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and fetal alcohol spectrum disorder case ascertainment: a systematic review.","['administrative data', 'algorithms', 'attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'fetal alcohol spectrum disorders', 'public health surveillance', 'validation study']","[""Siobhan O'Donnell"", 'Sarah Palmeter', 'Meghan Laverty', 'Claudia Lagacé']","[StringElement('The purpose of this study was to perform a systematic review to assess the validity of administrative database algorithms used to identify cases of autism spectrum disorder (ASD), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and fetal alcohol spectrum disorder (FASD).', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('MEDLINE, Embase, Global Health and PsycInfo were searched for studies that validated algorithms for the identification of ASD, ADHD and FASD in administrative databases published between 1995 and 2021 in English or French. The grey literature and reference lists of included studies were also searched. Two reviewers independently screened the literature, extracted relevant information, conducted reporting quality, risk of bias and applicability assessments, and synthesized the evidence qualitatively. PROSPERO CRD42019146941.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Out of 48 articles assessed at full-text level, 14 were included in the review. No studies were found for FASD. Despite potential sources of bias and significant between-study heterogeneity, results suggested that increasing the number of ASD diagnostic codes required from a single data source increased specificity and positive predictive value at the expense of sensitivity. The best-performing algorithms for the identification of ASD were based on a combination of data sources, with physician claims database being the single best source. One study found that education data might improve the identification of ASD (i.e. higher sensitivity) in school-aged children when combined with physician claims data; however, additional studies including cases without ASD are required to fully evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of such algorithms. For ADHD, there was not enough information to assess the impact of number of diagnostic codes or additional data sources on algorithm accuracy.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('There is some evidence to suggest that cases of ASD and ADHD can be identified using administrative data; however, studies that assessed the ability of algorithms to discriminate reliably between cases with and without the condition of interest were lacking. No evidence exists for FASD. Methodologically higher-quality studies are needed to understand the full potential of using administrative data for the identification of these conditions.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"30826879,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Emotion Regulation Over the Life Span.,"['Adults', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Children', 'Emotion regulation', 'Neurophysiology (fMRI EEG)', 'Neuropsychology', 'Peripheral psychophysiology (heart rate variability)']","['Hanna Christiansen', 'Oliver Hirsch', 'Björn Albrecht', 'Mira-Lynn Chavanon']","[StringElement('Emotional symptoms are common and persistent in youth and adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and cause clinically significant impairments. We review recent neuropsychological, neurophysiological, and peripheral psychophysiological evidence for emotion and emotion regulation deficits in ADHD across youth and adults.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE OF REVIEW'}), StringElement('Central and autonomous nervous system correlates argue in favor of more general self-regulation deficits and also specific emotional deficits in ADHD. These include general performance deficits in executive functions, and structural as well as functional impairments in neuronal networks associated with top-down self-regulation. Specific deficits with bottom-up emotional activation in the amygdala and emotion evaluation associated with the orbitofrontal cortex have also been described. Furthermore, vagally mediated, high-frequency heart rate variability is associated with emotional self-regulation deficits throughout the life span. The current evidence is based on multilevel studies that assess associations of emotion regulation. However, further studies that adequately consider the processual recursive character of emotion generation and regulation may give important new insights into emotional regulation of ADHD. Emotion regulation deficits in ADHD are associated with specific as well as general self-regulation deficits traceable on the level of neuropsychological, neurophysiological, and psychophysiological assessments. The temporal dynamics of the interplay of those different systems need further study in order to optimize and personalize treatment of emotion regulation difficulties, including emotional reactivity, in patients with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RECENT FINDINGS'})]"34655948,Association between central nervous system stimulants used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and Raynaud's phenomenon: A scoping review.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Central nervous system stimulants', 'Peripheral ischaemia', ""Raynaud's phenomenon"", 'Systemic sclerosis', 'Vasculopathy']","['Hafiz M Umair', 'Robert D Sandler', 'Alessia Alunno', 'Marco Matucci-Cerinic', 'Michael Hughes']","[""The association between central nervous (CNS) stimulants used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and Raynaud's phenomenon (RP) has received little attention to date. Our aim was to map the existing literature on aetiopathogenesis, clinical presentation and management of peripheral vasculopathy, with a focus on RP, secondary to drug therapy for ADHD. We searched the PubMed® database (01/11/1951 to 01/08/2020) and included articles written in English, which focussed on CNS stimulants used to treat ADHD and RP. The search identified 150 articles 9 of which were eligible for inclusion (70 patients). The majority of studies (n\xa0=\xa06) related to children or adolescents; however, adult cases were also identified. Peripheral vascular manifestations included attacks of RP (new and worsening) and cold sensitivity (acrocyanosis and perniosis). Irreversible ischaemic complications including digital autoamputation and lower limb critical digital ischaemia have also been reported. The implicated causative CNS stimulants were Methylphenidate (n\xa0=\xa05), Dextroamphetamine (n\xa0=\xa04), Atomoxetine (n\xa0=\xa02), and Lisdexamphetamine (n\xa0=\xa02). Complete resolution of RP symptoms was observed in half (n\xa0=\xa05) of studies upon drug cessation. Other therapeutic strategies have included dose reduction and switching to an alternative drug therapy. A potential autoimmune association has also been postulated including drug-induced autoimmunity and new cases of systemic sclerosis which have been potentially attributed to treatment. Future research is required to understand the association between CNS stimulant drug therapies for ADHD and peripheral vascular manifestations, including RP.""]"30142587,Estimated prevalence and associated risk factors of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among medical college students in a Chinese population.,"['Anxiety', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Comorbidity', 'Prevalence', 'Risk factors', 'Suicidal behavior']","['Yanmei Shen', 'Bella Siu Man Chan', 'Jianbo Liu', 'Fanchao Meng', 'Tingyu Yang', 'Yuqiong He', 'Jianping Lu', 'Xuerong Luo', 'Xiang Yang Zhang']","[StringElement('To investigate the prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among medical college students in a Chinese population.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A cross-sectional design was used to collect demographic data on participants and their symptoms of ADHD, anxiety, and depression. Data were collected through questionnaires filled out on a computer or through WeChat, a widely used social media app.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The prevalence of ADHD among 5693 college students was 3.5% (3.02∼3.98%). Individuals with ADHD showed higher scores on scales of anxiety and depression symptoms (both p\u202f<\u202f0.05) than the general population. There was a significant difference in the prevalence of ADHD grouped by smoking, drinking, suicidal ideation, suicidal plans, suicidal attempt, anxiety and depression (p\u202f<\u202f0.05). The odds ratio (OR) of ADHD was high for suicidal ideation, suicide plans, suicide attempts, anxiety and depression, with ORs of 5.901, 5.46, 6.011, 8.037 and 7.88, respectively. The ORs of suicidal behaviors for ADHD were decreased after adjusting for covariates such as drinking, smoking and depression.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The sample was exclusively selected from three medical-related colleges, which might not be best representation of college students in China. Furthermore, majority of the participants were females.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('ADHD remains a common disorder among Chinese medical college students and is significantly associated with suicidal behaviors, anxiety and depression. It is important to increase awareness and promote effective interventions to this particular population.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"36054861,[Autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: challenge in diagnosis and treatment].,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'comorbidity', 'neurodevelopmental disorder']","['Myriam Velarde', 'Aland Cárdenas']","['The coexistence of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) definitely poses new challenges, such as making an early diagnosis, considering that the former is usually diagnosed 2 years later in children with ADHD comorbid with autism compared to those with ASD alone; this is a problem at a personal, family and social level, since they must receive timely intervention. This coexistence raises questions about the efficacy of treatment in ADHD in people with autism, genetic, anatomical and functional concordances, among others; these are the challenges that are currently posed. In this review, we present some responses to the challenges posed by such coexistence, and we highlight some pending issues to be solved, being these of great importance for their better understanding and management. In all patients with ADHD or ASD, a coexistence between them should be sought. There are shared functional brain alterations in both disorders identified by functional brain magnetic resonance imaging; the treatment established for ADHD is also effective in this comorbidity.']"35787014,"Association of Coexisting Conditions, Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Medication Choice, and Likelihood of Improvement in Preschool-Age Children: A Developmental Behavioral Pediatrics Research Network Study.","['alpha-2 adrenergic agonists', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'coexisting conditions', 'improvement', 'preschool age', 'stimulants']","['Alexis Deavenport-Saman', 'Douglas L Vanderbilt', 'Elizabeth Harstad', 'Justine Shults', 'William Barbaresi', 'Ami Bax', 'Jaclyn Cacia', 'Sandra Friedman', 'Angela LaRosa', 'Irene Loe', 'Shruti Mittal', 'Nathan Blum']","['<b><i>Objectives:</i></b> To determine whether conditions coexisting with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in preschool-age children are associated with choice of stimulants or alpha-2 adrenergic agonists (A2As) and/or likelihood of improvement in ADHD symptoms. <b><i>Methods:</i></b> A retrospective electronic health record review of 497 children from 7 Developmental Behavioral Pediatrics Research Network (DBPNet) sites. Children were <72 months when treated with medication for ADHD from January 1, 2013 to July 1, 2017. We abstracted coexisting conditions, initial medication prescribed, and whether the medication was associated with improvement in symptoms. Analysis of improvement was adjusted for clustering by clinician and site. <b><i>Results:</i></b> The median (interquartile range) child age at the time of initiation of ADHD medication was 62 (54-67) months. The most common coexisting conditions included language disorders (40%), sleep disorders (28%), disruptive behavior disorders (22.7%), autism spectrum disorder (ASD; 21.8%), and motor disorders (19.9%). No coexisting conditions were present in 17.1%; 1 in 36.8%, 2 in 26.8%, and ≥3 in 19.3%. Stimulants were initially prescribed for 322 (64.8%) and A2A for 175 (35.2%) children. Children prescribed stimulants were more likely to have no coexisting conditions than those prescribed A2A (22.3% vs. 7.4%; <i>p</i>\u2009<\u20090.001). Coexisting ASD and sleep disorder were associated with increased likelihood of starting A2As versus stimulants (<i>p</i>\u2009<\u20090.0005; <i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.002). The association between medication treatment and improvement varied by number of coexisting conditions for 0, 1, 2, or ≥3, respectively (84.7%, 73.8%, 72.9%, 64.6%; <i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.031). Children with ≥3 coexisting conditions were less likely to respond to stimulants than children with no coexisting conditions (67.4% vs. 79.9%; <i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.037). <b><i>Conclusions:</i></b> Among preschool-age children with ADHD, those with ≥3 coexisting conditions were less likely to respond to stimulants than those with no coexisting conditions. This was not found for A2A, but further research is needed as very few children with no coexisting conditions were treated with A2A.']"34952999,Morbidities and mortality of diagnosed attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) over the youth lifespan: A population-based retrospective cohort study.,"['ADHD', 'child psychiatric', 'comorbidity', 'epidemiology', 'health services']","['Fatoumata Binta Diallo', 'Éric Pelletier', 'Helen-Maria Vasiliadis', 'Louis Rochette', 'Annick Vincent', 'Sylvain Palardy', 'Carlotta Lunghi', 'Martin Gignac', 'Alain Lesage']","[StringElement('To estimate the prevalence of ADHD, and related comorbidities, mortality, and type of health service use among children and young adults, using different case definitions.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('We conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study between 2000 and 2018, using the Quebec Integrated Chronic Disease Surveillance System (QICDSS) database. All residents aged less than 25\xa0years eligible for health insurance coverage were included. We compared outcomes of three indicators (morbidity, services use and mortality) according two different algorithms of ADHD definitions, to the general population.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The cumulative prevalence of ADHD has risen steadily over the past decade, reaching 12.6% in 2017-2018. People with ADHD have a higher prevalence of psychiatric comorbidities, make greater use of medical, mental health services, and are hospitalized more often. The comparison of prevalence between the two algorithms and the general population for the three indicators showed that the cohort having one claim was very close to that with two or more, and statistically significant higher to that of people without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This finding support that a single claim algorithm for ADHD can be used for case definition. More research is needed on the impact of potentially effective treatments in improving consequences of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35037918,[Presence and influence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms in adults with an eating disorder].,[],"['M Ruiz Feliu', 'A Cano Prous', 'M T Iglesias Gaspar', 'C Campos Mangas', 'J M Álvarez Martínez']","[StringElement('The coexistence of eating disorders (ED) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is common. The aim of the study was to quantify the presence of ADHD symptoms in adult patients with ED and evaluate any possible correlation between both symptomatologies.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Cross-sectional study of patients with ED. The following questionnaires were completed: the Eating Attitudes Test - 40 items (EAT-40), the Eating Disorder Inventory 3rd edition (EDI-3) and the abbreviated version of the Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS v1.1). The patients who scored =12 points in ASRS v1.1 completed the Attention Deficit Hyperac-tivity Disorder Rating Scale (4th edition, ADHD-RS IV).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('42.6% of the 108 patients scored =12 in the ASRS v1.1. These subjects scored higher in bulimia and in some scales of psychological maladjustment of the EDI-3, and those with binging and/or purging behaviours scored higher in Psychobi-ological disorders of the EAT-40 and in Body dissatisfaction and Eating disorder risk composite scales of the EDI-3. There were no differences in ADHD-RS IV between pure restrictive syndromes (n=13) and those with binging and/or purging behaviours (n=33). We found that, in cases with binge/purge symptoms, ADHD symptoms correlated higher with ED symptoms and with general psychological maladjustment.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ADHD symptoms are common in the clinical population with ED, and more in groups with binge/purge symptoms, although they are not necessarily more intense. The correlation between ADHD symptoms and ED is higher in cases with binging and/or purging behaviours. ADHD symptoms involve more psychological maladjustment and more serious ED symptomatology in cases with binge/purge symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31204192,Association of inattention with slow-spindle density in sleep EEG of children with attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Electroencephalogram', 'Fast spindle', 'Inattention', 'Power spectrum']","['Yoshihiko Saito', 'Yoshimi Kaga', 'Eiji Nakagawa', 'Mariko Okubo', 'Kosuke Kohashi', 'Mikimasa Omori', 'Ayako Fukuda', 'Masumi Inagaki']","[StringElement('We evaluated the power of slow sleep spindles during sleep stage 2 to clarify their relationship with executive function, especially with attention, in children with attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Subjects were 21 children with ADHD and 18 aged-matched, typically developing children (TDC). ADHD subjects were divided into groups of only ADHD and ADHD\u202f+\u202fautism spectrum disorder (ASD). We employed the Continuous Performance Test (CPT) to measure attention. We focused on sleep spindle frequencies (12-14\u202fHz) in sleep stage 2 and performed a power spectral analysis using fast Fourier transform techniques and compared sleep spindles with the variability of reaction time in CPT.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In the CPT, reaction variabilities in ADHD and ADHD\u202f+\u202fASD significantly differed from those in TDC. Twelve-hertz spindles were mainly distributed in the frontal pole and frontal area and 14-Hz spindles in the central area. The ratio of 12-Hz frontal spindle power was higher in ADHD than in TDC, especially in ADHD\u202f+\u202fASD. Significant correlation between the ratio of 12-Hz spindles and reaction time variability was observed.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Twelve-hertz frontal spindle EEG activity may have positive associations with sustained attention function. Slow frontal spindles may be useful as a biomarker of inattention in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35637502,Age within schoolyear and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in Scotland and Wales.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Children', 'Data linkage', 'Education', 'Relative age', 'School']","['Michael Fleming', 'Amrita Bandyopadhyay', 'James S McLay', 'David Clark', 'Albert King', 'Daniel F Mackay', 'Ronan A Lyons', 'Kapil Sayal', 'Sinead Brophy', 'Jill P Pell']","[StringElement('Previous studies suggest an association between age within schoolyear and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Scotland and Wales have different school entry cut-off dates (six months apart) and policies on holding back children. We aim to investigate the association between relative age and treated attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in two countries, accounting for held-back children.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Routine education and health records of 1,063,256 primary and secondary schoolchildren in Scotland (2009-2013) and Wales (2009-2016) were linked. Logistic regression was used to examine the relationships between age within schoolyear and treated ADHD, adjusting for child, maternity and obstetric confounders.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Amongst children in their expected school year, 8,721 (0.87%) had treated ADHD (Scotland 0.84%; Wales 0.96%). In Wales, ADHD increased with decreasing age (youngest quartile, adjusted OR 1.32, 95% CI 1.19-1.46) but, in Scotland, it did not differ between the youngest and oldest quartiles. Including held-back children in analysis of their expected year, the overall prevalence of treated ADHD was 0.93%, and increased across age quartiles in both countries. More children were held back in Scotland (57,979; 7.66%) than Wales (2,401; 0.78%). Held-back children were more likely to have treated ADHD (Scotland OR 2.18, 95% CI 2.01-2.36; Wales OR 1.70, 95% CI 1.21-2.31) and 81.18% of held-back children would have been in the youngest quartile of their expected year.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Children younger within schoolyear are more likely to be treated for ADHD, suggesting immaturity may influence diagnosis. However, these children are more likely to be held back in countries that permit flexibility, attenuating the relative age effect.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30124180,The impact of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adulthood: a qualitative study.,"['ADHD', 'adult', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'qualitative research']","['C Watters', 'D Adamis', 'F McNicholas', 'B Gavin']","[StringElement('There is limited evidence of the unmet needs and experiences of adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Previous research in this area is predominantly quantitative by nature, few studies employing qualitative approaches. This study seeks to provide a deeper insight into the lived experiences of adults with ADHD within Western Ireland.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement(""A qualitative design, consisting of semi-structured face-to-face interviews with a clinical sample in the Sligo/Leitrim area. Participants were eligible for this study if they screened positive for symptoms of ADHD, and diagnosed with ADHD with the Conners' Adult ADHD Diagnostic Interview for DSM-IV. In total, 11 participants completed this research. The interviews were open ended and exploratory, adopting a phenomenological approach."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Thematic analysis was used to explore three main themes; The Burden of symptoms of ADHD, Perceived Positive and Negative Effects of ADHD and Challenge of Accessing Services, each with several subthemes.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""This research highlights the experiences of adults with ADHD. It is important for practitioners to be aware of the perceived positive and negative effects of the disorder, and how it can impact on their patient's lives. In addition, becoming aware of the stigma associated with ADHD can help clinicians improve upon individual treatment plans to meet their patient's needs. It is important to note that this sample experienced co-morbid diagnoses and so this may limit the interpretation of the findings. Further research in this area could explore patient's attitudes towards receiving a formal diagnosis of ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35034274,Burden of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in Indian Children: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.,"['ADHD', 'Children', 'Hyperactive disorder', 'India', 'Prevalence']","['Anil Chauhan', 'Jitendra Kumar Sahu', 'Manvi Singh', 'Nishant Jaiswal', 'Amit Agarwal', 'Singanamalla Bhanudeep', 'Pranita Pradhan', 'Meenu Singh']","[StringElement('To determine the pooled prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in Indian children.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The searching of published literature was conducted in\xa0different databases (PubMed, Ovid SP, and EMBASE). The authors also tried to acquire information from the unpublished literature about the prevalence of ADHD. A screening was done to include eligible original studies, community or school-based, cross-sectional or cohort, reporting the prevalence of ADHD in children aged\u2009≤\u200918 y in India. Retrieved data were analyzed using STATA MP12 (Texas College station).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of 729 studies retrieved by searching different databases, 183 studies were removed as duplicates, and 546 titles and abstracts were screened. After screening, 19 studies were included for quantitative analysis. Subgroup analysis was conducted with respect to their setting (school-based/community-based). Fifteen studies performed in a school-based setting showed 75.1 (95% CI 56.0-94.1) pooled prevalence of ADHD per 1000 children of 4-19 y of age. In community-based settings, the pooled prevalence per 1000 children surveyed was 18.6 (95% CI 8.8-28.4). The overall pooled prevalence of ADHD was observed as 63.2 (95% CI 49.2-77.1) in 1000 children surveyed. Significant heterogeneity was observed in the systemic review.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ADHD accounts for a significant health burden, and understanding its burden is crucial for effective health policy-making for educational intervention and rehabilitation.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35905054,Impact of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Comorbidity on Phenomenology and Treatment Outcomes of Pediatric Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.,"['ADHD comorbidity', 'child psychiatry', 'pediatric OCD', 'phenomenology', 'treatment outcomes']","['Ayşegül Efe', 'Duygu Kaba', 'Merve Canlı', 'Rahime Duygu Temeltürk']","['<b><i>Objective:</i></b> This study, with a case-control design, investigates the impact of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) comorbidity on the phenomenology and treatment outcomes in a clinical sample of pediatric obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). <b><i>Methods:</i></b> The data were derived from an evaluation of the sociodemographic and clinical characteristics of 364 children with OCD who were regularly followed up over a 4-year period. Between-group analyses of psychiatric scales were used to compare patients with ADHD comorbidity (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u2009144, 39.5%) with their ADHD-free opponents. The clinical course and treatment outcomes of each patient were evaluated based on 4-year clinical follow-up data. <b><i>Results:</i></b> Substantial clinical variations in pediatric OCD caused by ADHD comorbidity were identified, including a male preponderance, higher rates of concurrent conduct problems, tic disorders, and learning disabilities, as well as prolonged symptom and treatment durations accompanied by poor response to first-line treatments and higher rates of treatment resistance. Contrary to previous findings, ADHD comorbidity had no impact on the age of OCD onset, and the severity of OCD symptoms was lower in ADHD. With ADHD comorbidity, the OCD symptom course tended to be chronically stable, which may have resulted in complaints persisting into adulthood. In ADHD-free patients, contamination, doubt, religious, somatic obsessions, and cleaning were all more common than in those with ADHD. There was a positive correlation between compulsion scores and the severity of ADHD symptoms, which may be related to increased compulsive coping in ADHD. Impulsivity or compulsivity dominance in the symptom presentation of OCD-ADHD comorbidity may determine phenomenological distinctions such as whether concurrent traits are more prone to tics, conduct problems, or internalizing problems. The primordial associations for clinical characteristics, which were independently associated with ADHD comorbidity, were adjusted using multivariate logistic regression analysis. Clinical variables such as being male, absence of cleaning compulsion, the existence of concurrent conduct problems, tic disorders, and dyslexia, as well as longer treatment duration and poorer treatment response, were all independent predictors of ADHD comorbidity. With an 80.8% accurate classification and relatively fine goodness-of-fit model, the regression model consisting of those predictors had good predictiveness for ADHD comorbidity (<i>R</i><sup>2</sup>\u2009=\u20090.543). <b><i>Conclusions:</i></b> The close association between pediatric OCD, ADHD, and tic disorders can be defined as a specific subtype of pediatric OCD, characterized by more conduct problems, a chronically stable course of OCD symptoms, and poorer treatment outcomes. Correlational analyses in a longitudinal design and the inclusion of an impulsivity scale would be beneficial for further research to interpret the impulsivity-related correlates in the findings on tic and conduct problems.']"26474816,The opposite end of the attention deficit hyperactivity disorder continuum: genetic and environmental aetiologies of extremely low ADHD traits.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'extremes', 'positive genetics', 'quantitative trait', 'twin']","['Corina U Greven', 'Andrew Merwood', 'Jolanda M J van der Meer', 'Claire M A Haworth', 'Nanda Rommelse', 'Jan K Buitelaar']","[StringElement(""Although attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is thought to reflect a continuously distributed quantitative trait, it is assessed through binary diagnosis or skewed measures biased towards its high, symptomatic extreme. A growing trend is to study the positive tail of normally distributed traits, a promising avenue, for example, to study high intelligence to increase power for gene-hunting for intelligence. However, the emergence of such a 'positive genetics' model has been tempered for ADHD due to poor phenotypic resolution at the low extreme. Overcoming this methodological limitation, we conduct the first study to assess the aetiologies of low extreme ADHD traits."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('In a population-representative sample of 2,143 twins, the Strength and Weaknesses of ADHD Symptoms and Normal behaviour (SWAN) questionnaire was used to assess ADHD traits on a continuum from low to high. Aetiological influences on extreme ADHD traits were estimated using DeFries-Fulker extremes analysis. ADHD traits were related to behavioural, cognitive and home environmental outcomes using regression.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Low extreme ADHD traits were significantly influenced by shared environmental factors (23-35%) but were not significantly heritable. In contrast, high-extreme ADHD traits showed significant heritability (39-51%) but no shared environmental influences. Compared to individuals with high extreme or with average levels of ADHD traits, individuals with low extreme ADHD traits showed fewer internalizing and externalizing behaviour problems, better cognitive performance and more positive behaviours and positive home environmental outcomes.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Shared environmental influences on low extreme ADHD traits may reflect passive gene-environment correlation, which arises because parents provide environments as well as passing on genes. Studying the low extreme opens new avenues to study mechanisms underlying previously neglected positive behaviours. This is different from the current deficit-based model of intervention, but congruent with a population-level approach to improving youth wellbeing.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32283359,"Methylparaben in meconium and risk of maternal thyroid dysfunction, adverse birth outcomes, and Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).","['Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)', 'Birth outcomes', 'Endocrine disruption', 'Parabens', 'Prenatal exposure', 'Thyroid hormones']","['Brennan H Baker', 'Haotian Wu', 'Hannah E Laue', 'Amélie Boivin', 'Virginie Gillet', 'Marie-France Langlois', 'Jean-Philippe Bellenger', 'Andrea A Baccarelli', 'Larissa Takser']","[StringElement('Parabens, which are used as a preservative in foods and personal care products, are detected in nearly 100% of human urine samples. Exposure to parabens is associated with DNA damage, male infertility, and endocrine disruption in adults, but the effects of prenatal exposure are unclear. In part, this is due to inadequate assessment of exposure in maternal urine, which may only reflect maternal rather than fetal exposure. To address this gap, we examined the association of prenatal methylparaben measured in meconium with preterm birth, gestational age, birthweight, maternal thyroid hormones, and child Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) at 6-7\xa0years.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Data come from the GESTation and the Environment (GESTE) prospective observational pregnancy cohort in Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada. Participants were 345 children with data on ADHD among 394 eligible pregnancies in women age ≥18\xa0years with no known thyroid disease before pregnancy and meconium collected at delivery. Methylparaben was measured in meconium. Birthweight, gestational age, and maternal thyroid hormones at <20\xa0weeks gestation were measured at the Centre Hospitalier Universitaire de Sherbrooke. Preterm birth was defined as vaginal birth before the 37th week of gestation. Physician diagnosis of ADHD was determined at a scheduled cohort follow-up when children were 6-7\xa0years old or from medical records. Associations between meconium methylparaben and outcomes were estimated with logistic and linear regressions weighted on the inverse probability of exposure to account for potential confounders, including child sex, familial income, maternal education, pre-pregnancy body mass index, age, and smoking and alcohol consumption during pregnancy.', attributes={'Label': 'DESIGN'}), StringElement('Methylparaben was detected in 65 meconium samples (19%), 33 children were diagnosed with ADHD (10%), and 13 children were born preterm (4%). Meconium methylparaben was associated with preterm birth (odds ratio [OR]\xa0=\xa04.81; 95% CI [2.29, 10.10]), decreased gestational age (beta [β]\xa0=\xa0-0.61\xa0weeks; 95% CI [-0.93, -0.29]) and birthweight (β\xa0=\xa0-0.12\xa0kg; 95% CI [-0.21, -0.03]), altered maternal TSH (relative concentration [RC]\xa0=\xa00.76; 95% CI [0.58, 0.99]), total T3 (RC\xa0=\xa00.84; 95% CI [0.75, 0.96]) and total T4 (RC\xa0=\xa01.10; 95% CI [1.01, 1.19]), maternal hypothyroxinemia (OR\xa0=\xa02.50, 95% CI [1.01, 6.22]), and child ADHD at age of 6-7 (OR\xa0=\xa02.33, 95% CI [1.45, 3.76]). The effect of meconium methylparaben on ADHD was partially mediated by preterm birth (20% mediation) and birthweight (13% mediation).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Meconium methylparaben was associated with preterm birth, decreased gestational age and birthweight, maternal thyroid hormone dysfunction, and child ADHD. Parabens are a substantial health concern if causally related to these adverse outcomes.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33994155,[Improvement of the impulsive control in adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) after a cognitive behavioral therapy].,"['ADHD', 'Cognitive behavioral therapy', 'Contrôle de l’impulsivité', 'Impulsivity control', 'Simon task', 'TDAH', 'Thérapie cognitive comportementale', 'Tâche de Simon']","['A Grandjean', 'I Suarez', 'A Miquée', 'D Da Fonseca', 'L Casini']","[StringElement('MPH is the more often prescribed stimulant for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), but it has been estimated that 30% of patients do not adequately respond or cannot tolerate it. Therefore, some other therapies are needed, such as cognitive behavioral therapy. Cognitive behavioral therapy is an intervention proposed over several sessions and aimed at modifying behavior by teaching different techniques that participants can re-use to control their symptoms. In our Institute, we used a program centered on attentional and metacognitive functions. It consists of a series of workshops performed in group at the rate of one workshop of 90minutes per week for 12 weeks. Positive effects on the behavior of adolescents with ADHD have been reported by parents and educators, but the effects of the program on specific cognitive processes have never been precisely investigated.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('In the present study, we evaluated the impact of the program on impulsive control in adolescents with ADHD who are known to present impaired impulsive control. Impulsive control is required each time there is a conflict between an inappropriate prepotent action and a goal-directed action. At an experimental level, impulsive control can be studied with conflict tasks, such as the Simon reaction time task. Interpreted within the theoretical framework of the so-called «\xa0Dual-process activation suppression\xa0» (DPAS) model, this task is a powerful conceptual and experimental tool to separately investigate the activation and inhibition of impulsive actions, which is almost never done in studies about impulsive control. Twenty adolescents followed the program and were tested before and at the end of the program by using dynamic analyses of performance associated with DPAS model.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The results have shown an improvement of the impulsive control after three months of cognitive behavioral therapy, and this improvement was due to both a decrease of the propensity to trigger impulsive actions and an improvement of inhibitory processes efficiency.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This program could be a relevant alternative to the stimulant medication, more particularly when parents are reluctant with medication or when the adolescent suffers from important side effects.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29406917,Lack of an association between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).,"['Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis', 'Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', ""Parkinson's disease""]","['Leonie Ebel', 'Susanne Petri', 'Joachim K Krauss', 'Reinhard Dengler', 'Martina de Zwaan']","[StringElement('Lulé, Ludolph, and Ludolph (2008) hypothesized that there may be a pathophysiological link between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). They summarized common clinical features, specifically enhanced physical and psychological activity, which have been described typically for ADHD patients and also as common personality traits before disease onset in patients with ALS.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""We assessed the lifetime prevalence rate of ADHD in 104 patients with ALS using valid self-report instruments for ADHD symptoms in childhood (WURS-k) and adulthood (ADHD-SB). Results were compared with a population-based sample (n=2069) and with patients with Parkinson's disease (PD, n=52) using regression analyses and adjusting for sociodemographic differences. Physical activity was assessed by the 21-item exercise dependency scale (EDS-21)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ALS patients reported a lower prevalence of childhood ADHD compared to the general population. Both clinical groups reported significantly lower scores on the WURS-k scale and the attention deficit subscale of the ADHD-SB. The EDS-21 showed significantly longer exercise times in ALS and PD patients.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We could not show that ADHD is more common in ALS patients. However, our results revealed shared personality traits in ALS and PD with lower rates of premorbid attention deficit symptoms and increased physical activity.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33271164,"Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), antisociality and delinquent behavior over the lifespan.","['ADHD', 'Antisocial personality disorder', 'Antisociality', 'Conduct disorder', 'Delinquency', 'Offenders']","['Wolfgang Retz', 'Ylva Ginsberg', 'Daniel Turner', 'Steffen Barra', 'Petra Retz-Junginger', 'Henrik Larsson', 'Phil Asherson']","['Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is closely linked to the development of conduct problems during socialization in early life and to an increased risk for antisocial activities and delinquency over the lifespan. The interaction between ADHD and common comorbid disorders like substance use disorders as well as changing environmental conditions could mediate the course of antisocial and delinquent behavior with increasing age. However, this complex interaction is only partially understood so far. This review presents current knowledge about the association of ADHD with antisociality and the development of delinquent behavior. Thereby, the relationships between ADHD, conduct disorder and antisocial personality disorder in offenders are discussed, as well as the impact of comorbid psychiatric disorders and psychosocial conditions on offending behavior. Also, treatment studies in offender populations with ADHD are presented. Although our understanding of the role of ADHD in the development of criminal behavior has substantially improved during the last two decades, more research is needed to further elucidate the mechanisms generating unfavorable outcomes and to engender adequate treatment strategies for this population at risk. Moreover, more attention is needed on children with conduct problems in order to avoid antisocial or delinquent behaviors over the lifespan.']"33523679,"Attrition Rates and Incidence of Mental Health Disorders in an Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Cohort, Active Component, U.S. Armed Forces, 2014-2018.",[],"['David Sayers', 'Zheng Hu', 'Leslie L Clark']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common childhood diagnosis and affects the pool of potential military applicants. Early detection and treatment of ADHD may decrease the risk of developing comorbidities; however, accession policy in place during this study period (2014-2018) disqualified applicants who used ADHD medication for more than 24 months cumulative after age 14. The objective of this study was to assess attrition from military service in newly accessed active component service members diagnosed with ADHD as compared to controls. In addition, attrition rates and incidence rates of mental health diagnoses were assessed in service members with ADHD by treatment status (i.e., treated vs untreated ADHD) where treatment was defined as being dispensed an FDA-approved ADHD medication at least twice within 181 days. Almost two-thirds (64.8%) of newly accessed ADHD cases in 2014 were identified after enlistment medical screening at Military Entrance Processing Stations (MEPS) (i.e., post-MEPS). These post-MEPS ADHD cases accounted for 99.1% of the treated ADHD cases. The vast majority of treated cases (91.0%) were dispensed ADHD medication within 6 months of accession. The treated ADHD group had higher rates of attrition and incidence of mental health disorders during the followup period. These study findings highlight the problem of nondisclosure of ADHD among military applicants. Future changes to enlistment standards should consider the optimal way to promote applicant disclosure of ADHD during MEPS screening or for medical waiver review and should discourage withholding an ADHD diagnosis during enlistment.']"33160216,Thiols and ceruloplasmin levels in serum of children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: A cross-sectional study.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Ceruloplasmin', 'Disulfide', 'Mental health', 'Oxidative stress', 'Thiol']","['Hakan Öğütlü', 'Cuma Mertoğlu', 'Gamze Gök', 'Salim Neşelioğlu']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a childhood onset disorder with well-known findings that include impulsivity, hyperactivity, and inattention. This study aims to explore the relationship between the levels of ceruloplasmin, native thiol, total thiol, and disulfide and ADHD by comparing case and control groups. The study case group comprised 50 children aged 6-16 years who had been diagnosed with ADHD. The control group included 47 healthy children. Clinical interviews were conducted and the Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-Age Children-Present and Lifetime Version Turkish Adaptation and the Conners Parent Rating Scale were administered. Additionally, blood samples were taken and native thiol, total thiol, disulfide, and ceruloplasmin levels measured. In the ADHD group, the mean native thiol, total thiol, and disulfide levels were significantly lower than the control group. There was no significant difference between the ADHD and control groups in ceruloplasmin levels. Total thiol and native thiol levels were inversely correlated with scores on the Conners Inattention and Hyperactivity subscales; total thiol was negatively correlated with the ADHD index. Thiol-disulfide homeostasis was impaired in ADHD children and was related to symptom severity. Oxidative stress balance may play a role in ADHD.']"35500450,Multimodal treatment efficacy differs in dependence of core symptom profiles in adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: An analysis of the randomized controlled COMPAS trial.,"['ADHD subtype presentations', 'Adults', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Core symptoms', 'Methylphenidate', 'Psychotherapy']","['Benjamin Selaskowski', 'Christian Staerk', 'Niclas Braun', 'Swantje Matthies', 'Erika Graf', 'Michael Colla', 'Christian Jacob', 'Esther Sobanski', 'Barbara Alm', 'Michael Roesler', 'Wolfgang Retz', 'Petra Retz-Junginger', 'Bernhard Kis', 'Mona Abdel-Hamid', 'Michael Huss', 'Thomas Jans', 'Ludger Tebartz van Elst', 'Mathias Berger', 'Silke Lux', 'Andreas Mayr', 'Alexandra Philipsen']","[""There is broad consensus that to improve the treatment of adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), the various therapy options need to be tailored more precisely to the individual patient's needs and specific symptoms. This post-hoc analysis evaluates the multimodal effects of first-line medication (methylphenidate [MPH] vs placebo [PLB]) and psychotherapeutic (group psychotherapy [GPT] vs clinical management [CM]) treatments on the ADHD core symptoms inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity. For the two-by-two factorial, observer-blinded, multicenter, randomized controlled Comparison of Methylphenidate and Psychotherapy in Adult ADHD Study (COMPAS; ISRCTN54096201), 419 outpatients with ADHD were considered for analysis. ADHD symptoms were assessed by blind observer-rated and patient-rated Conners Adult ADHD Rating Scales before treatment (T1), 13 weeks (T2) and 26 weeks (T3) after T1, at treatment completion after 52 weeks (T4), and at follow-up (130 weeks, T5). MPH was superior to PLB in improving symptoms of inattention at almost all endpoints (observer-rated T2, T3, T4, T5; patient-rated T2, T3, T4), while a significant decrease in hyperactivity and impulsivity was at first found after 6 months of treatment. CM compared to GPT decreased inattention and impulsivity in the early treatment phase only (observer-rated T2, patient-rated T2, T3). In conclusion, while MPH seems to have a direct and sustained effect on inattention, premature medication discontinuation should particularly be avoided in patients with hyperactive-impulsive symptoms. Also, especially in high inattention and/or impulsivity presentations, initial individual patient management might be beneficial. Consequently, considering individual core symptom profiles may enhance the efficacy of treatments in adult ADHD.""]"34810174,Antipsychotic use in pregnancy and risk of attention/deficit-hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorder: a Nordic cohort study.,"['adult psychiatry', 'child & adolescent psychiatry', 'psychiatry', 'schizophrenia & psychotic disorders']","['Óskar Hálfdánarson', 'Jacqueline M Cohen', 'Øystein Karlstad', 'Carolyn E Cesta', 'Marte-Helene Bjørk', 'Siri Eldevik Håberg', 'Kristjana Einarsdóttir', 'Kari Furu', 'Mika Gissler', 'Vidar Hjellvik', 'Helle Kieler', 'Maarit K Leinonen', 'Mette Nørgaard', 'Buket Öztürk Essen', 'Sinna Pilgaard Ulrichsen', 'Johan Reutfors', 'Helga Zoega']","[StringElement('Antipsychotics are increasingly used among women of childbearing age and during pregnancy.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To determine whether children exposed to antipsychotics <i>in utero</i> are at increased risk of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) or autism spectrum disorder (ASD), accounting for maternal diagnoses of bipolar, psychotic and other psychiatric disorders. <b>Design</b> Population-based cohort study, including a sibling analysis. <b>Setting</b> Nationwide data on all pregnant women and their live-born singletons in Denmark (1997-2017), Finland (1996-2016), Iceland (2004-2017), Norway (2004-2017), and Sweden (2006-2016). <b>Participants</b> 4 324 086 children were eligible for inclusion to the study cohort. <b>Intervention</b> Antipsychotic exposure <i>in utero</i>, assessed by pregnancy trimester, type of antipsychotic, and varying patterns of use. <b>Main outcome measures</b> Non-mutually exclusive diagnoses of ADHD and ASD. We used Cox proportional hazard models to calculate hazard ratios (HRs) controlling for maternal psychiatric disorders and other potential confounding factors.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Among 4 324 086 singleton births, 15 466 (0.4%) were exposed to antipsychotics <i>in utero</i>. During a median follow-up of 10 years, we identified 72 257 children with ADHD and 38 674 children with ASD. Unadjusted HRs were raised for both outcomes but shifted substantially towards the null after adjustment; 1.10 (95%CI 1.00 to 1.27) for ADHD and 1.12 (0.97 to 1.29) for ASD. Adjusted HRs remained consistent by trimester of exposure and type of antipsychotic. Comparing <i>in utero</i> exposure with pre-pregnancy use yielded HRs of 0.74 (0.62 to 0.87) for ADHD and 0.88 (0.70 to 1.10) for ASD. Sibling analyses yielded HRs of 1.14 (0.79 to 1.64) for ADHD and 1.34 (0.75 to 2.39) for ASD.', attributes={'Label': 'FINDINGS'}), StringElement('Our findings suggest little or no increased risk of child ADHD or ASD after <i>in utero</i> exposure to antipsychotics.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION'}), StringElement('Results regarding child neurodevelopment are reassuring for women who need antipsychotics during pregnancy.', attributes={'Label': 'CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS'})]"36151539,The clinical course of comorbid substance use disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: protocol and clinical characteristics of the INCAS study.,"['ADHD', 'Comorbidity', 'SUD']","['Christoffer Brynte', 'Myriam Aeschlimann', 'Csaba Barta', 'Alex Hendikus Abraham Begeman', 'Amanda Bäcker', 'Cleo Lina Crunelle', 'Constanza Daigre', 'Laura De Fuentes-Merillas', 'Zsolt Demetrovics', 'Geert Dom', 'Lara Grau López', 'Romain Icick', 'Brian Johnson', 'Peter Joostens', 'Máté Kapitány-Fövény', 'Emily Karsinti', 'Falk Kiefer', 'Maija Konstenius', 'Frances R Levin', 'Mathias Luderer', 'Wiebren Markus', 'Frieda Matthys', 'Franz Moggi', 'Raul Felipe Palma-Alvarez', 'Maria Paraskevopoulou', 'J Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'Arnt Schellekens', 'Leila M Soravia', 'Norman Therribout', 'Anil Thomas', 'Geurt van de Glind', 'Michiel Willem van Kernebeek', 'Sabine Vollstädt-Klein', 'Florence Vorspan', 'Wim van den Brink', 'Johan Franck']","[StringElement('Substance use disorders (SUD) often co-occur with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Although the short-term effects of some specific interventions have been investigated in randomized clinical trials, little is known about the long-term clinical course of treatment-seeking SUD patients with comorbid ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This paper presents the protocol and baseline clinical characteristics of the International Naturalistic Cohort Study of ADHD and SUD (INCAS) designed and conducted by the International Collaboration on ADHD and Substance Abuse (ICASA) foundation. The overall aim of INCAS is to investigate the treatment modalities provided to treatment-seeking SUD patients with comorbid ADHD, and to describe the clinical course and identify predictors for treatment outcomes. This ongoing study employs a multicentre observational prospective cohort design. Treatment-seeking adult SUD patients with comorbid ADHD are recruited, at 12 study sites in nine different countries. During the follow-up period of nine months, data is collected through patient files, interviews, and self-rating scales, targeting a broad range of cognitive and clinical symptom domains, at baseline, four weeks, three months and nine months.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS'}), StringElement('A clinically representative sample of 578 patients (137 females, 441 males) was enrolled during the recruitment period (June 2017-May 2021). At baseline, the sample had a mean age (SD) of 36.7\xa0years (11.0); 47.5% were inpatients and 52.5% outpatients; The most prevalent SUDs were with alcohol 54.2%, stimulants 43.6%, cannabis 33.1%, and opioids 14.5%. Patients reported previous treatments for SUD in 71.1% and for ADHD in 56.9%. Other comorbid mental disorders were present in 61.4% of the sample: major depression 31.5%, post-traumatic stress disorder 12.1%, borderline personality disorder 10.2%.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The first baseline results of this international cohort study speak to its feasibility. Data show that many SUD patients with comorbid ADHD had never received treatment for their ADHD prior to enrolment in the study. Future reports on this study will identify the course and potential predictors for successful pharmaceutical and psychological treatment outcomes.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('ISRCTN15998989 20/12/2019.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION'})]"33040639,Prevalence and characteristics of South African treatment-seeking patients with substance use disorder and co-occurring attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ASRS', 'Adult', 'Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)', 'Substance Use Disorder (SUD)', 'polysubstance', 'prevalence']","['Corné Coetzee', 'Ilse Truter', 'Anneke Meyer']","[StringElement('Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) constitutes a significant risk factor for the development of Substance Use Disorders (SUDs). Individuals with both conditions use more substances, and the pattern of substance use seems to differ between individuals with and without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To establish the prevalence of ADHD symptoms in adult South African treatment-seeking patients with SUD, and the pattern of substance use and presence of previous ADHD diagnoses and pharmacotherapy.', attributes={'Label': 'RESEARCH AIM AND OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('Adult patients (N\xa0=\xa0360) were recruited from rehabilitation facilities and screened using the ADHD Self-Report Scale Symptom Checklist (ASRS-v1.1). Questions included demographics, substance consumption and current/historical use of ADHD-indicated medication.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A third (36.0%) of patients with SUD screened positive for ADHD - 14.6% had been diagnosed with ADHD prior to admission, and indicated pharmacotherapy, while 68.5% of those screened positive were not hitherto diagnosed with ADHD (p\xa0<\xa00.001). A statistical difference was found for polysubstance use with the ADHD group significantly being treated more frequently for use of more than one substance (p\xa0=\xa00.04).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('High rates of untreated and unrecognized ADHD were found among treatment-seeking SUD patients. Preventative strategies are crucial to reduce substance use and the development of SUD in individuals affected by ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33545424,The role of tryptophan metabolic pathway in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder with and without comorbid oppositional defiant disorder and conduct disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Conduct disorder', 'Kynurenine pathway', 'Oppositional defiant disorder', 'Tryptophan metabolic pathway']","['Ebru Sağlam', 'Ayhan Bilgiç', 'Sedat Abuşoğlu', 'Ali Ünlü', 'Abdullah Sivrikaya']","['Accumulating data presented that tryptophan metabolic pathway (TMP) may play a role in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, no study have investigated potential role of TMP in disruptive behavior disorders coexisting with ADHD. This study compared serum levels of tryptophan, kynurenine, kynurenic acid, 3-hydroxykynurenine and 3-hydroxyantranilic acid in medication-free children with ADHD combined presentation (ADHD-C), with ADHD-C and oppositional defiant disorder (ODD), and with ADHD-C and conduct disorder (CD) versus healthy controls. The study also compared several ratios that are previously suggested to reflect the activities of the KP enzymes (kynurenine/tryptophan, kynurenic acid/kynurenine, 3-hydroxykynurenine/kynurenine) or neuroprotective activity (kynurenic acid/3-hydroxykynurenine) among groups. A total of 122 patients were enrolled: 46 children with ADHD-C alone, 43 children with ADHD-C+ODD, 33 children with ADHD-C+CD and 50 healthy controls. Targeted biochemical molecules were assessed by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry. Compared to control group, serum kynurenine levels were significantly higher in the ADHD-C group, serum 3-hydroxykynurenine levels were significantly lower in the ADHD-C and ADHD-C+ODD groups, the serum kynurenic acid/kynurenine ratio was significantly higher in the ADHD-C, ADHD-C+ODD and ADHD-C+CD groups, and the serum 3-hydroxykynurenine/kynurenine ratio was significantly lower in the ADHD-C group. These findings suggest that TMP may play a role in the pathophysiology of ADHD-C.']"33947370,"Cognitive control and emotional response in attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder comorbidity with disruptive, impulse-control, and conduct disorders.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Cognitive control', 'Disruptive, impulse-control, and conduct disorders', 'Neural network', 'Stroop effect']","['Yuncheng Zhu', 'Li Liu', 'Daoliang Yang', 'Haifeng Ji', 'Tianming Huang', 'Lianxue Xue', 'Xixi Jiang', 'Kaiyun Li', 'Lily Tao', 'Qing Cai', 'Yiru Fang']","[StringElement('This study investigated cognitive and emotional functioning in children and adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and disruptive, impulse-control, and conduct disorders (DICCD).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""Thirty patients with ADHD, 26 with DICCD, 22 with ADHD+DICCD were recruited from the outpatient department of Shanghai Changning Mental Health Center, plus 20 healthy controls (HC). Differences between the groups in cognitive and emotional functioning were examined using Golden's Stroop and Emotional Stroop tests. For Emotional Stroop Mean reaction time (RT) of positive word (POS) and negative word (NEG) with color congruence (C) or incongruence (I) were recorded as POS-C, POS-I, NEG-C and NEG-I, respectively."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""For Golden's interference scores (IGs), both errors and RTs in the ADHD group were higher than in the other groups. Longer mean RTs of POS-C, POS-I, NEG-C and neural word (NEU) of the ADHD group, and NEG-I of ADHD+DICCD and DICCD groups were observed compared to HC. After 12\u2009weeks of methylphenidate treatment, differences between ADHD subgroups and HC on Golden's Stroop RT disappeared, but differences in Golden's Stroop errors and Emotional Stroop mean RTs remained. The ADHD+DICCD group showed longer mean RTs in NEG-C, NEG-I and NEU of the Emotional Stroop test than the ADHD group."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our study shows that regardless of emotional responding, deficit in cognitive control is the core symptom of ADHD. However, emotionally biased stimuli may cause response inhibitory dysfunction among DICCD with callous-unemotional traits, and the comorbidity of ADHD and DICCD tends to account for the negative emotional response characteristic of DICCD. These deficits may be eliminated by medication treatment in ADHD, but not the ADHD with comorbid DICCD. Our results support the notion that ADHD with comorbid DICCD is more closely related to DICCD than to ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33045857,Childhood atopic dermatitis as a precursor for developing attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['atopic dermatitis', 'atopic diseases', 'attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'eczema', 'psychiatric comorbidities']","['Yang-Chun Xu', 'Jin-Peng Wang', 'Wen-Jing Zhu', 'Ping Li']","['Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a skin disease characterized by chronic inflammatory condition that shows hallmark presentations in terms of sleep disturbances, pruritus, and psychological stress, and an association with increased attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) risk. A number of studies have suggested for the co-occurrence of the two diseased conditions. In terms of global prevalence, AD and ADHD almost exhibit a parallel increment according to epidemiological data. In addition, recent reports indicate AD to show a temporal association with later onset of ADHD. Although several studies suggest for the potential link between AD and ADHD, currently there is no definitive answer to this regard. Furthermore, epidemiological evidence of co-occurrence does not ascertain a pathophysiological link between the two conditions. The pathophysiological basis behind the association of AD and ADHD also remain poorly elucidated. The objective of this review is to present an extensive account of AD and associated comorbidities with a special attention toward ADHD as well as to elaborate on the mechanisms underlying their association. The review can provide healthcare providers with the recent updates on AD-ADHD association and help them while dealing with such patients. In general, AD and ADHD show a positive association in majority of the cross-sectional studies. However, large longitudinal studies are required to draw any conclusion on the temporal nature of such association.']"31240443,Gray matter volume and microRNA levels in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Brain imaging', 'Cortex', 'Epigenetic', 'miRNA']","['Liang-Jen Wang', 'Sung-Chou Li', 'Ho-Chang Kuo', 'Wen-Jiun Chou', 'Min-Jing Lee', 'Miao-Chun Chou', 'Huai-Hsuan Tseng', 'Chia-Fen Hsu', 'Sheng-Yu Lee', 'Wei-Che Lin']","[""Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder often characterized by gray matter (GM) volume reductions. MicroRNAs, which participate in regulating gene expression, potentially influence neurodevelopment. This study aimed to explore whether differential GM volume is associated with differential miRNA levels in ADHD patients. We recruited a total of 30 drug-naïve patients with ADHD (mean age 10.6\xa0years) and 25 healthy controls (mean age 10.6\xa0years) that underwent a single session of 3.0-T whole brain structural MRI scanning. RNA samples from the participants' white blood cells were collected to identify the ΔCt values of three miRNAs (miR-30e-5p, miR-126-5p, and miR-140-3p) using the real-time quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. In comparison to the control group, ADHD patients demonstrated a significantly lower GM volume in the cingulate gyrus, left middle temporal gyrus, right middle occipital gyrus, left fusiform gyrus, and significantly higher ΔCt values of miR-30e-5p, miR-126-5p, and miR-140-3p. In the ADHD group, the GM volume of cingulate gyrus and left fusiform gyrus was negatively correlated with the ΔCt values of miR-30e-5p, miR-140-3p. The GM volume of left fusiform gyrus was negatively correlated to ADHD behavioral symptoms. Using structural equation modeling (SEM), we observed that the effect of miR-140-3p on hyperactivity/impulsivity symptoms was mediated by left fusiform gyrus. Our findings support that GM volume reduction and miRNA increases may be biomarkers for ADHD in children and adolescents. Expression levels of miRNAs may affect the development of brain structures and further participate in the pathophysiology of ADHD.""]"31991190,Earlier versus later cognitive event-related potentials (ERPs) in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): A meta-analysis.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Cognitive modulation', 'Electroencephalography (EEG)', 'Event-related potentials (ERPs)', 'Meta-analysis']","['Anna Kaiser', 'Pascal-M Aggensteiner', 'Sarah Baumeister', 'Nathalie E Holz', 'Tobias Banaschewski', 'Daniel Brandeis']","['The current meta-analysis summarizes relevant literature on earlier (P100, N100, P200, N200, ERN/Ne) versus later (P300, Pe, CNV) cognitive Event-Related Potential (ERP) differences between children, adolescents, and adults with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and without ADHD (non-ADHD). Furthermore, the heterogeneity in previous research is addressed by analyzing potentially relevant demographic and methodological moderators (age group, IQ, medication, comorbidity, task, cognitive function, modality, inter-stimulus-interval, number of electrodes). Via database search 52 relevant articles were identified including n\u202f=\u202f1576 ADHD and n\u202f=\u202f1794 non-ADHD. Using multilevel-models, pooled effect sizes were calculated. For earlier components, individuals with ADHD showed shorter Go-P100-latencies than non-ADHD. For later ERPs, individuals with ADHD showed smaller Cue-P300-amplitudes, longer Go-P300-latencies, smaller NoGo-P300-amplitudes, longer NoGo-P300-latencies, smaller CNV-amplitudes, and smaller Pe-amplitudes. The substantial heterogeneity identified for most of the ERP components could be explained by the demographic and methodological moderators of interest. This meta-analysis identified relevant moderate group differences (-0.32<d<-0.57), mainly regarding later cognitive ERPs. Nevertheless, results are characterized by substantial heterogeneity and the moderate effect sizes (d<0.6) limit the use for clinical application.']"35471571,Association of Perinatal and Childhood Ischemic Stroke With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,[],"['Jenny Bolk', 'Eleni Simatou', 'Jonas Söderling', 'Lisa B Thorell', 'Martina Persson', 'Heléne Sundelin']","[StringElement('Early detection of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) plays a crucial role in reducing negative effects on everyday life, including academic failure and poor social functioning. Children who survive ischemic strokes risk major disabilities, but their risk of ADHD has not been studied in nationwide cohorts.', attributes={'Label': 'Importance'}), StringElement('To assess the risk of ADHD in children after pediatric ischemic stroke.', attributes={'Label': 'Objective'}), StringElement('Participants in this Swedish nationwide cohort study included 1320 children diagnosed with ischemic stroke recorded in linked Swedish national registers from January 1, 1969, to December 31, 2016, without prior ADHD diagnosis. Ten matched controls were identified for each index case, and first-degree relatives were identified for index individuals and controls. Analyses were stratified by perinatal and childhood strokes and presence of comorbid adverse motor outcomes and/or epilepsy. End of follow-up was the date of ADHD diagnosis, death, or December 31, 2016, whichever occurred first. Data analyses were performed August 1 to 28, 2021.', attributes={'Label': 'Design, Setting, and Participants'}), StringElement('Pediatric ischemic stroke.', attributes={'Label': 'Exposures'}), StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder identified using codes from the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, and International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, Tenth Revision, and/or prescribed ADHD medication recorded in the Medical Birth Register, National Patient Register, or Prescribed Drug Register after stroke. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to assess adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) for ADHD after pediatric stroke, adjusting for parental age and ADHD in first-degree relatives.', attributes={'Label': 'Main Outcomes and Measures'}), StringElement('Of 1320 children with stroke included in the analysis (701 boys [53.1%]), 75 (45 boys [60.0%]) were diagnosed with ADHD after stroke compared with 376 (252 boys [67.0%]) among the controls (aHR, 2.00 [95% CI, 1.54-2.60]). The risk was increased after both perinatal (aHR, 2.75 [95% CI ,1.65-4.60]) and childhood (aHR, 1.82 [95% CI, 1.34-2.48]) strokes and were similar if children born preterm or small for gestational age were excluded. Compared with controls, risks of ADHD were higher among children with perinatal stroke and adverse motor outcomes and/or epilepsy (aHR, 6.17 [95% CI, 2.80-13.62]) than among those without these comorbidities (aHR, 1.65 [95% CI, 0.80-3.42]). However, findings were similar in childhood stroke for children with adverse motor outcomes and/or epilepsy (aHR, 1.80 [95% CI, 1.12-2.89]) and among those without these comorbidities (aHR, 1.92 [95% CI, 1.28-2.90]).', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('This cohort study of 1320 children with pediatric ischemic stroke suggests that there is an increased risk of ADHD, particularly in children with adverse motor outcomes and/or epilepsy, compared with controls. The risk increases after childhood strokes regardless of comorbidities.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions and Relevance'})]"35485068,[Results of a multicentre double-blind randomised placebo-controlled clinical trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of Mexidol in the treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in Children (MEGA)].,"['Mexidol', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'children', 'ethylmethylhydroxypyridine succinate', 'hyperactivity', 'impulsivity', 'inattention', 'pharmacotherapy']","['N N Zavadenko', 'N Y Suvorinova', 'T T Batysheva', 'O V Bykova', 'A N Platonova', 'D D Gaynetdinova', 'E V Levitina', 'V V Mashin', 'I N Vakula', 'N E Maximova']","[StringElement('To evaluate the efficacy and safety of two dosing regimens of Mexidol film-coated tablets, 125 mg («RPC «PHARMASOFT» LLC Russia), compared with placebo in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) aged 6 to 12 years.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A multicenter randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study in 3 parallel groups was conducted in 14 clinical centres of the Russian Federation to assess efficacy and safety of Mexidol film-coated tablets, 125 mg («RPC «PHARMASOFT» LLC Russia) in the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children 6-12 years old with different dosing regimens. The study involved 333 boys and girls aged 6 to 12 years with a confirmed diagnosis of ADHD established in accordance with ICD-10 and DSM-5 criteria. After screening (up to 14 days) the patients were randomised into 3 treatment groups in a 1:1:1: Mexidol 125 mg 2 times daily, Mexidol 125 mg daily+placebo and the placebo group. The duration of treatment in all groups was 42 days. 332 children completed the study. ADHD and comorbid disorders assessment scales were used.', attributes={'Label': 'MATERIAL AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('There were statistically significant changes in the sum of the total scores on the SNAP-IV inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity subscales after 6 weeks of therapy in all three study groups (<i>p</i><0.05). There were statistically significant differences between the Mexidol 125 mg and placebo groups and between the Mexidol 125 mg 2 times daily and placebo groups (for the PP population: <i>p</i>=0.000308 and <i>p</i>=0.000024, respectively; for the FAS population: <i>p</i>=0.000198 and <i>p</i>=0.000024, respectively), indicating that Mexidol therapy is superior to placebo. Statistically significant differences (<i>p<</i>0.05) were also obtained for most of the secondary efficacy criteria (average change in SNAP-IV inattention subscale score, average change in SNAP-IV hyperactivity/impulsivity subscale score, average change in SNAP-IV subscale score - Conners index, average change in ADHD-RS-IV score, change in CGI-ADHD-S scores, change in CGI-I score - the Clinical Global Impressions Scale - Improvement) when comparing Mexidol therapy with placebo. The results of statistical analysis of the incidence of adverse events, laboratory values, physical examination show no significant differences between the compared groups in the main safety parameters.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The regimen of Mexidol, 125 mg film-coated tablets twice daily has been shown to be superior to the regimen of Mexidol, 125 mg film-coated tablets once daily and placebo. The safety profiles of the studied dosing regimens of Mexidol and placebo were comparable.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30470500,Psychometric properties of the French Version of the Social Responsiveness Scale in autism spectrum disorder with or without attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)', 'Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD)', 'Comorbidity', 'Social Responsiveness Scale (SRS)', 'Social interactions']","['C Stordeur', 'A Boele', 'H Peyre', 'R Delorme', 'E Acquaviva']","[StringElement('The Social Responsiveness Scale (SRS) is an instrument that is commonly used to screen for Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder (ADHD) frequently occurs with ASD and both disorders share some phenotypic similarities. In the present study, we aimed to determine the psychometric properties of the French version of the Social Responsiveness Scale (SRS) and its 5 subscales (social awareness, social cognition, social communication, social motivation, and autistic mannerisms) to discriminate between children with ADHD and those with ASD (differential diagnosis) and children with ADHD from those with a dual diagnosis of ADHD and ASD (comorbid diagnosis).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('SRS total scores and the 5 subscores of the SRS were compared between 4 groups of children: ADHD (n=32), ASD+ADHD (n=30), ASD (n=31) and typical neurodevelopment (TD; n=30) children. The discriminant validity was estimated using the Area Under the ROC Curves (AUC).', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('SRS Social cognition (AUC=0.73) and Autistic mannerisms (AUC=0.70) subscores were the most discriminating for differential diagnosis of ASD and ADHD. SRS total scores (AUC=0.70), and Social communication (AUC=0.66) and Autistic mannerisms (AUC=0.75) subscores were the most discriminating for comorbid diagnosis of ASD among ADHD children.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The SRS autistic mannerisms subscore was found to be clinically relevant for both differential diagnosis of ASD and ADHD and comorbid diagnoses of ASD among ADHD children but with a modest discriminant power.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31028043,Perceptual timing in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) as measured by computer-based experiments versus real-life tasks: protocol for a cross-sectional experimental study in an ambulatory setting.,"['ADHD', 'perceptual timing', 'time discrimination', 'time estimation', 'time production', 'time reproduction']","['Ivo Marx', 'Olaf Reis', 'Christoph Berger']","[StringElement(""The goal of this study is to get a better understanding of the fundamentals of perceptual timing deficits, that is, difficulties with estimating durations of explicitly attended temporal intervals, in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Whereas these deficits were repeatedly demonstrated in laboratory studies using computer-based timing tasks, we will additionally implement a more practical task reflecting real-life activity. In doing so, the research questions of the planned study follow a hierarchically structured path 'from lab to life': Are the timing abilities of children with ADHD really disturbed both in the range of milliseconds and in the range of seconds? What causes these deficits? Do children with ADHD rather display a global perceptual timing deficit, or do different 'timing types' exist? Are timing deficits present during real-life activities as well, and are they based on the same mechanisms as in computerised tasks?"", attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('A quasi-experimental study with two groups of male children aged 8-12 years (ADHD; controls) and with a cross-sectional design will be used to address our research questions. Statistical analyses of the dependent variables will comprise (repeated) measures analyses of variance, stepwise multiple regression analyses and latent class models. With an estimated dropout rate of 25%, power analysis indicated a sample size of 140 subjects (70 ADHD, 70 controls) to detect medium effect sizes.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS AND ANALYSES'}), StringElement('Ethics approval was obtained from the ethics committee of the Faculty of Medicine, University of Rostock. Results will be disseminated to researcher, clinician and patient communities in peer-reviewed journals and at scientific conferences, at a meeting of the local ADHD competence network and on our web page which will summarise the study results in an easily comprehensible manner.', attributes={'Label': 'ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION'}), StringElement('DRKS00015760.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER'})]"35564588,Caregivers' Difficulty in Managing Smartphone Use of Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder during the COVID-19 Pandemic: Relationships with Caregiver and Children Factors.,"['COVID-19', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'caregiver', 'psychological well-being', 'smartphone use']","['Jia-In Lee', 'Ray C Hsiao', 'Ching-Shu Tsai', 'Cheng-Fang Yen']","[""This study examined the difficulty encountered by caregivers of children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in managing children's smartphone use during the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic and the caregiver- and children-related factors that influence this difficulty. In total, 252 caregivers of children with ADHD were recruited into this study. The caregivers completed a research questionnaire to provide data regarding the difficulty they encountered in managing the smartphone use of children during the COVID-19 pandemic, their general mental health and parenting styles, and the ADHD and oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) symptoms of the children they are caring for. The results indicated that almost 45% of the caregivers of children with ADHD sometimes or often found it difficult to manage the smartphone use of children with ADHD during the COVID-19 pandemic. For the caregivers, a short duration of education, poor general mental health, unaffectionate/uncaring and overprotective parenting styles, older children, and inattention and ODD symptoms were significantly associated with increased difficulty in managing their children's smartphone use during the COVID-19 pandemic. On the basis of the relevant factors identified in this study, an intervention should be developed to enhance the skills of caregivers of children with ADHD with respect to the management of children's smartphone use during the COVID-19 pandemic.""]"33651452,Dual diagnosis of type 1 diabetes mellitus and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'children', 'diabetes quality of life', 'glycemic control', 'type 1 diabetes mellitus']","['Kineret Mazor-Aronovitch', 'Orit Pinhas-Hamiel', 'Dikla Pivko-Levy', 'Dalit Modan-Moses', 'Noa Levek', 'Shahar Miller', 'Michal Yackobovitch-Gavan', 'Noah Gruber', 'Michal Ben-Ami', 'Eve Stern', 'Tal Ben-Ari', 'Chana Graf-Barel', 'Rachel Frumkin Ben-David', 'Yael Levy-Shraga', 'Zohar Landau']","[StringElement('Data regarding glycemic control in children and adolescents with a dual diagnosis of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are limited.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To compare various aspects of diabetes control among youth with T1DM, between those with and without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('In this cross-sectional study of youth with T1DM, 39 had ADHD (mean age 14.1 ±\u20092.8\u2009years) and 82 did not (control group, mean age 12.6 ±\u20093.3\u2009years). Health-related quality of life was assessed by a Diabetes Quality of Life (DQOL) questionnaire submitted to their parents. Glycemic data were downloaded from glucometers, pumps, and continuous glucose monitoring systems. HbA1c levels, hospitalizations, and severe hypoglycemic and diabetes ketoacidosis events were retrieved from the medical files.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Compared to the control group mean HbA1c level of the ADHD group was higher: 8.3 ±\u20091.1% versus 7.7 ±\u20091.0% (p =\u20090.005) and the percent of time that glucose level was in the target range (70-180\u2009mg/dl) was lower: 48\u2009±\u200917% versus 59\u2009±\u200914% (p =\u20090.006). Mean glucose and glucose variability were higher in the ADHD group. Youth with ADHD who were not pharmacologically treated had worse HbA1c and more hospitalizations than those who were treated. DQOL did not differ between the control group, the treated ADHD group, and the untreated ADHD-Group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Dual diagnosis of T1DM and ADHD during childhood leads to worse diabetes control, which is more pronounced in the context of untreated ADHD. Healthcare providers should be aware of the difficulties facing youth with T1DM and ADHD in coping with the current intensive treatment of diabetes.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33592467,"The associations among organophosphate pesticide exposure, oxidative stress, and genetic polymorphisms of paraoxonases in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.","['Additive interaction', 'Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Organophosphate pesticides', 'Oxidative stress', 'Paraoxonases']","['Chia-Huang Chang', 'Ching-Jung Yu', 'Jung-Chieh Du', 'Hsien-Chih Chiou', 'Jia-Woei Hou', 'Winnie Yang', 'Chian-Feng Chen', 'Hsin-Chang Chen', 'Ying-Sheue Chen', 'Betau Hwang', 'Mei-Lien Chen']","['This study will help to clarify the relationship between organophosphate pesticides (OPs) and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) related to oxidative stress and paraoxonases (PON) polymorphisms to further characterize the gene-environment interaction. This case-control study enrolled 85 children with ADHD and 96 control subjects. Urinary OP levels were analyzed by using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Oxidative stress biomarkers, such as 8-hydroxy-2-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG), 8-nitroguanine (8-NO2-Gua), 8-iso-prostaglandin F2α (8-iso-PGF2α), and 4-hydroxy-2-nonenoic acid-mercapturic acid (HNE-MA), were analyzed by using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). The relative excess risk due to interaction (RERI), attributable proportion due to interaction (AP), and synergy index (S) were calculated to evaluate the additive interactions between OP exposure and PON genetic polymorphism on ADHD. A causal mediation analysis was conducted to clarify the mediation effects of oxidative stress due to OP exposure on ADHD. Children with ADHD had significantly higher DMP (238.95\xa0nmol/g cre. vs. 164.83\xa0nmol/g cre., p value\xa0=\xa00.01) and HNE-MA (30.75\xa0μg/g cre. vs. 18.41\xa0μg/g cre., p value<0.01) concentrations than control children. Children who carried the PON1 GG genotype (rs705379) had low urinary DMP levels, and the level increased with increasing numbers of allele variants. The risk for developing ADHD reached 2.06-fold (OR\xa0=\xa02.06, 95% CI:1.23-3.44) and 1.43-fold (OR\xa0=\xa01.45, 95% CI:1.04-2.03) when the DMP and HNE-MA levels increased by 1 natural log of the concentration, respectively. The estimated AP value was 0.66 (95% CI: 0.17-1.15), indicating that 66% of ADHD cases in DMP-exposed children with the PON1 CT/TT (rs705381) genotype were due to gene-environment interactions. No significant mediation of HNE-MA was observed between DMP exposure and the risk of ADHD. The estimated proportion mediated was only 7.0% (95% CI: -0.08-0.46). This research suggests the role of OP exposure in the occurrence of ADHD after adjusting for covariates.']"35691419,A plant-based dietary score and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder in Iranian children: A case-control study.,"['ADHD', 'Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'PDI', 'Plant-based diet']","['Mina Darand', 'Shirin Hassanizadeh', 'Fahime Martami', 'Elham Shareghfarid', 'Somayeh Hosseinpour-Niazi', 'Mahdieh Hosseinzadeh']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most prevalent neurodevelopmental disorder with a prevalence of 5\xa0% among children and adolescents worldwide. Plant foods have a protective effect against inflammation and oxidative stress which both are involved in psychiatric disorders pathophysiology including ADHD. Accordingly, we investigated the association between plant-based diet (PDI) and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This case-control study was conducted on 345children and adolescents 7-13\xa0years old in Yazd, Iran. Subjects were categorized into the case (n\xa0=\xa0113) and control groups (n\xa0=\xa0232) based on matching age and sex. To diagnose ADHD, the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (DSMIV-TR) was used. Food frequency questionnaire was used to measure food intake. The association of PDI with ADHD was examined by logistic regression.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children in the highest quartile of PDI compared to the lowest quartile had a higher energy and macronutrient intake, calcium, zinc, iron, vitamin B12, B6, and folic acid. After adjusting for potential confounders, a significant decreasing trend in the odds of ADHD across increasing quartiles of the PDI (P-trend\xa0=\xa00.001) was observed. In addition, children in the fourth quartile of PDI had 68\xa0% lower odds of ADHD than the first quartile. This association remained significant after further adjustment for BMI (OR: 0.32;95\xa0% CI: 0.13-0.79; P for trend: 0.001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We found that PDI is associated with lower risk of ADHD in children. Cohort and clinical studies are necessary to approve our results.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"30246216,"Behavioral and cognitive effects of docosahexaenoic acid in drug-naïve children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Behavior', 'Cognition', 'Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)', 'Fatty acids']","['Alessandro Crippa', 'Alessandra Tesei', 'Federica Sangiorgio', 'Antonio Salandi', 'Sara Trabattoni', 'Silvia Grazioli', 'Carlo Agostoni', 'Massimo Molteni', 'Maria Nobile']","[""This study aimed to investigate the efficacy of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) dietary supplementation on behavior and cognition in school-aged, drug-naïve children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). A total of 50 participants with ADHD aged 7 to 14 were enrolled in a 6-month randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial and received either DHA or placebo. The primary outcome measure was the change in the ADHD rating scale IV Parent Version-Investigator (ADHD-RS-IV) after 4 and 6\xa0months. Secondary outcome measures included Conners Parent Rating Scale-revised, other behavioral rating scales including quality of life and global functioning, and computerized cognitive tasks. Baseline assessment also addressed the blood fatty acids profile. No superiority of DHA supplement to placebo was observed on ADHD-RS-IV, the a priori primary outcome. DHA supplementation showed a significant, nonetheless quite small, effect on children's psychosocial functioning, emotional problems, and focused attention. Neither major nor minor adverse events were reported throughout the trial. This study shows that 6-month DHA supplementation has no beneficial effect on the symptoms of ADHD in school-aged, drug-naïve children with an established diagnosis of ADHD. Nevertheless, the 6\xa0months treatment with supplemental DHA appears to have small positive effects on other behavioral and cognitive difficulties, which, in light of the absence of side-effects, could be reasonably followed up in future intervention studies. ( https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT01796262 : The Effects of DHA on Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder (DADA)).""]"33917727,Efficacy and Safety of Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Supplementation in the Treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in Children and Adolescents: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Clinical Trials.,"['ADHD', 'adolescents', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'children', 'fatty acids', 'meta-analysis', 'omega 3', 'polyunsaturated', 'systematic review']","['Mina Nicole Händel', 'Jeanett Friis Rohde', 'Marie Louise Rimestad', 'Elisabeth Bandak', 'Kirsten Birkefoss', 'Britta Tendal', 'Sanne Lemcke', 'Henriette Edemann Callesen']","['Based on epidemiological and animal studies, the rationale for using polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) as a treatment for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) seems promising. Here, the objective was to systematically identify and critically assess the evidence from clinical trials. The primary outcome was ADHD core symptoms. The secondary outcomes were behavioral difficulties, quality of life, and side effects. We performed a systematic search in Medline, Embase, Cinahl, PsycInfo, and the Cochrane Library up to June 2020. The overall certainty of evidence was evaluated using Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE). We identified 31 relevant randomized controlled trials including 1755 patients. The results showed no effect on ADHD core symptoms rated by parents (k = 23; SMD: -0.17; 95% CI: -0.32, -0.02) or teachers (k = 10; SMD: -0.06; 95% CI: -0.31, 0.19). There was no effect on behavioral difficulties, rated by parents (k = 7; SMD: -0.02; 95% CI: -0.17, 0.14) or teachers (k = 5; SMD: -0.04; 95% CI: -0.35, 0.26). There was no effect on quality of life (SMD: 0.01; 95% CI: -0.29, 0.31). PUFA did not increase the occurrence of side effects. For now, there seems to be no benefit of PUFA in ADHD treatment; however, the certainty of evidence is questionable, and thus no conclusive guidance can be made. The protocol is registered in PROSPERO ID: CRD42020158453.']"31883040,Decision-Making Deficits in Adolescent Boys with and without Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): an Experimental Assessment of Associated Mechanisms.,"['Adolescence', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Decision making', 'Risk taking', 'Strategies']","['Tycho J Dekkers', 'Hilde M Huizenga', 'Arne Popma', 'Anika Bexkens', 'Jacqueline N Zadelaar', 'Brenda R J Jansen']","['Adolescents with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) demonstrate increased levels of real-life risk-taking behavior like substance abuse and reckless behavior in traffic, which potentially originates in decision-making deficits. Using experimental gambling tasks, the current study investigated three potential underlying mechanisms: (1) risky vs. suboptimal decision making, (2) the complexity of decision-making strategies and (3) the influence of feedback. Participants were 181 male adolescents (81 ADHD, 100 Typically Developing (TD); M<sub>age</sub>\u2009=\u200915.1\xa0years). First, we addressed a common confound in many gambling tasks by disentangling risk seeking from suboptimal decision making, and found that ADHD-related decision-making deficits do not originate in increased risk seeking but in suboptimal decision making. Second, we assessed decision-making strategies with a Bayesian latent mixture analysis and found that ADHD-related decision-making deficits are characterized by the use of less complex strategies. That is, adolescent boys with ADHD, relative to TD adolescent boys, less often adopted strategies in which all characteristics relevant to make an optimal decision were integrated. Third, we administered two gambling task conditions with feedback in which adolescents experience the outcomes of their decisions and found that adolescents with ADHD performed worse relative to TD adolescents on both conditions. Altogether, this set of studies demonstrated consistent decision-making deficits in adolescent boys with ADHD: The use of less complex decision-making strategies may cause suboptimal decision making, both in situations with and without direct feedback on performance.']"30115579,Vocal Characteristics of School-Aged Children With and Without Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Dysphonia severity index', 'Multidimensional Voice Program', 'Pediatric voice disorders', 'Vocal fold nodules', 'Voice range profile']","['Daniella-Taylyn Moodley', 'Carl Swanepoel', 'Kristiane van Lierde', 'Shabnam Abdoola', 'Jeannie van der Linde']","[StringElement('The aim of this study was to describe the laryngeal anatomy, perceptual, acoustic, and aerodynamic vocal characteristics of school-aged children with and without Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). The predisposition that children with ADHD have for laryngeal injuries are recurrent in nature and are more often than not overlooked as laryngitis. Previous studies have reported varied results on the prevalence rates of pediatric vocal fold nodules within the school-aged ADHD population.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A static, two-group comparison was used in the study to investigate the clinical, perceptual, acoustic, and aerodynamic vocal characteristics of children between 7 and 9 years old with and without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'STUDY DESIGN', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The study replicated the protocol as executed by Barona-Lleo and Fernandez (2016) with additions. The Multidimensional Voice Program and the Voice Range Profile as additions to the assessment of vocal parameters were used with which comparable dysphonia severity index scores were calculated. Once-off clinical, perceptual, acoustic, and aerodynamic voice assessments were conducted on 20 age-gender matched participants (Control group mean age [months]\u202f=\u202f98.80, standard deviation\u202f=\u202f10.379; ADHD group mean age [months]\u202f=\u202f108.00, standard deviation = 10.873). It was hypothesized that children with ADHD would have more hyperfunctional vocal characteristics; leading to laryngeal injuries, than their control group peers.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Forty-five percent (n\u202f=\u202f9) of the total sample population (both groups combined) had laryngeal pathology. Similar parent reported etiological voice symptoms and vocal habits were seen across both groups. Both groups performed similarly across both perceptual and aerodynamic voice assessments. Acoustically, the control group achieved significantly higher producible pitches than the ADHD group (P = 0.028) and were found to have more dysphonic dysphonia severity index scores than their ADHD group peers (P = 0.034).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Prepubertal, school-aged children with or without ADHD may have similar vocal characteristics than previously thought. This is in support of the null hypothesis. The authors of the current study recommend that vocal screening in all school-aged children be carried out as an effective measure to monitor voice disorders in the pediatric population. Future research into larger sample sizes with this population with a special focus on the effect that central nervous system stimulants may have on the voice is recommended.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30084494,Prenatal exposure to dental amalgam and risk of symptoms of attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['MoBa', 'dental amalgam', 'mercury', 'symptoms related to ADHD']","['Gunvor B Lygre', 'Heidi Aase', 'Kjell Haug', 'Stein A Lie', 'Lars Björkman']","[StringElement(""ADHD is multifactorial, including both genetic and environmental factors. The safety of amalgam used in dental treatment has been discussed due to its content of mercury and potential risks for negative neurodevelopmental consequences in the offspring. The aim of the study was to investigate possible associations between symptoms related to ADHD in children of three and five years of age and prenatal exposure to mercury from mothers' amalgam fillings."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""Data from the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa) were used. Data were collected by questionnaires sent to participating women in week 17 (Q1) and 30 (Q3) of pregnancy and when the child was three (Q6) and five years of age (Q7). Information about exposure to amalgam during pregnancy was obtained from Q3. Information about symptoms related to ADHD was obtained from Q6 and Q7. Valid data were obtained for 42\xa0163 children at three years of age and 23\xa0392 children at five years of age. Logistic regression models, including mothers' age, education, body mass index, parity, smoking and alcohol consumption during pregnancy, were used to estimate the association between ADHD symptoms and prenatal exposure to amalgam fillings."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('No significant associations between number of teeth with amalgam filling, amalgam fillings placed or removed during pregnancy, and symptoms related to ADHD in children of three and five years of age were found.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""In a large, prospective cohort study, we found no indication of increased risk of ADHD-related symptoms in children prenatally exposed to mother's amalgam fillings."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32785944,Methylphenidate challenge test in adults with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): Clinical effects and their predictors.,"['adults', 'attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'challenge test', 'methylphenidate hydrochloride']","['Daria Piacentino', 'Pietro De Rossi', 'Georgios D Kotzalidis', 'Ignazio Maniscalco', 'Maurizio Pompili', 'Giancarlo Giupponi', 'Christoph Hiemke', 'Andreas Conca']","[StringElement('Adult and children attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) share similar symptoms and responses to drugs such as methylphenidate (MPH). Yet, in Europe, these drugs remain unlicensed for adults. We aimed to assess the effects of an acute MPH challenge on the four dimensions concentration, impulsivity, tension, and general well-being in ADHD adults, and identify predictors of improvement.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Therapeutic Drug Monitoring was performed to measure MPH plasma levels. A Visual Analogue Scale was administered to patients before and after the acute MPH challenge to measure self-reported changes in the four dimensions.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""After the acute MPH challenge, our 71 patients showed significant improvement in concentration and tension. The MPH challenge dose correlated with lower patients' age, greater side effects, increased concentration (p = .008) and decreased tension (p = .001). At multiple linear regression MPH plasma levels and absence of postdose side effects predicted concentration improvement, MPH plasma levels predicted tension improvement. MPH plasma levels were significantly higher in patients who reported an improvement in concentration, tension, and impulsivity compared to nonimprovers (p's from .001 to .004)."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These findings point to the efficacy of MPH challenge in improving concentration and tension in adult ADHD, thus emphasizing the need for a broader treatment access for these patients.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33010392,Lister hooded rats as a novel animal model of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Lister hooded rats', 'Monoamine', 'Prefrontal cortex', 'c-Fos', 'mRNA']","['Toshihiro Jogamoto', 'Ryo Utsunomiya', 'Arisa Sato', 'Nanako Kihara', 'Mohammed E Choudhury', 'Kazuya Miyanishi', 'Madoka Kubo', 'Masahiro Nagai', 'Masahiro Nomoto', 'Hajime Yano', 'Yusuke I Shimizu', 'Mitsumasa Fukuda', 'Eiichi Ishii', 'Mariko Eguchi', 'Junya Tanaka']","['Appropriate animal models are necessary to determine the molecular and cellular mechanisms underlying attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This study used a battery of behavioral tests to compare Lister hooded rats (LHRs), an old outbred strain frequently used for autistic epilepsy research, with Wistar rats and spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRs), a commonly used ADHD model. The open field, elevated plus maze, light/dark box, and drop tests demonstrated that LHRs were the most hyperactive animals and displayed the most inattentive- and impulsive-like behaviors, which are characteristics of ADHD. The radial arm maze, social interaction, and Morris water maze tests showed that LHRs did not display deficits characteristic of autism or intellectual disability. Although LHRs did not show different monoamine contents, the mRNA expression levels of various genes linked to ADHD (Cdh13, Drd5, Foxp2, Maoa, Sema6d, Slc9a9, and St3gal3) and tyrosine hydroxylase protein expression levels were lower in the prefrontal cortex of LHRs compared with that of Wistar rats or SHRs. c-Fos, synapsin I, and tau protein expression levels in the prelimbic region of the medial prefrontal cortex were also increased in LHRs compared with Wistar rats. Atomoxetine and guanfacine, commonly used non-stimulant treatments for ADHD, ameliorated ADHD-like behaviors in LHRs. These results suggest that LHRs can serve as a better ADHD model to develop novel pharmacological interventions.']"30652399,The effect of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and other psychiatric disorders on the treatment of pediatric diabetes mellitus.,"['attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'child', 'depression', 'type 1 diabetes mellitus']","['Abdullah Yazar', 'Fatih Akın', 'Ömer F Akça', 'Beray S Eklioğlu', 'Esra Türe', 'Fatma Coşkun', 'Mehmet E Atabek']","[StringElement('Psychiatric diagnoses of patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), the severity of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms of the patients and their primary caregivers, and the effects of these factors on treatment were investigated.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Sixty-one patients with T1DM were included in the study along with their parents. Psychiatric diagnoses of the patients were determined using a semistructured psychiatric interview, and their depression and ADHD symptom severities were evaluated with self-report scales. The ADHD symptom severities of the parents were evaluated using self-report scales. The relationships among the psychiatric symptoms and the hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), fasting blood glucose (FBG), and postprandial blood glucose (PBG) levels of the patients were investigated.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""HbA1c levels were found to correlate with the hyperactivity levels of children and the number of diagnoses they had. FBG and PBG values of patients diagnosed with ADHD were found to be higher than in those who did not have ADHD. HbA1c, FBG, and PBG values of the patients who had any disruptive behavior disorder were found to be higher than in those who did not. ADHD total scores, gender (being female), having diagnoses of ADHD or depression were found to be predictive of HbA1c levels according to the regression analyses. No relationship between the clinical findings of the children and their parents' ADHD levels was found."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The findings of this study implicate that children with T1DM should be evaluated in terms of ADHD which could have negative effects on the treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31791384,Randomised controlled trial of the short-term effects of OROS-methylphenidate on ADHD symptoms and behavioural outcomes in young male prisoners with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (CIAO-II).,"['ADHD', 'Neurodevelopmental disorder', 'OROS-methylphenidate', 'Prison mental health', 'Trial']","['Philip Asherson', 'Lena Johansson', 'Rachel Holland', 'Tom Fahy', 'Andrew Forester', 'Sheila Howitt', 'Stephen Lawrie', 'John Strang', 'Susan Young', 'Sabine Landau', 'Lindsay Thomson']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a highly prevalent disorder, seen in 20-30% of young adult prisoners. Pharmacoepidemiological studies, a small randomised controlled trial and open trial data of methylphenidate\xa0suggest clinically significant reductions in ADHD symptoms, emotional dysregulation, disruptive behaviour and increased engagement with educational activities. Yet, routine treatment of ADHD in offenders is not yet established clinical practice. There is continued uncertainty about the clinical response to methylphenidate (MPH), a first-line treatment for ADHD, in offenders, who often present with an array of complex mental health problems that may be better explained by states of inattentive, overactive, restless and impulsive behaviours. To address this problem, we will conduct an efficacy trial to establish the short-term effects of osmotic-controlled release oral delivery system (OROS)-methylphenidate (Concerta XL), an extended release formulation of MPH, on ADHD symptoms, emotional dysregulation and behaviour.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This study is a parallel-arm, randomised, placebo-controlled trial of OROS-MPH on ADHD symptoms, behaviour and functional outcomes in young male prisoners aged 16-25, meeting Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, fifth edition criteria for ADHD. Participants are randomised to 8 weeks of treatment with OROS-MPH or placebo, titrated over 5\u2009weeks to balance ADHD symptom improvement against side effects. Two hundred participants will be recruited with a 1:1 ratio of drug to placebo. The primary outcome is change in level of ADHD symptoms after 8 weeks of trial medication.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Potential benefits include improvement in ADHD symptoms, emotional dysregulation, attitudes towards violence and critical incidents and increased engagement with educational and rehabilitation programmes. Demonstrating the efficacy and safety of MPH on ADHD symptoms and associated impairments may provide the data needed to develop effective healthcare pathways for a significant group of young offenders. Establishing efficacy of MPH in this population will provide the foundation needed to establish long-term effectiveness studies with the potential for demonstrating significant reductions in criminal behaviour and improved health-economic outcomes.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('ISRCTN registry, ISRCTN16827947, 31st May 2016; EudraCT number, 2015-004271-78, 31st May 2016. Last particpant last visit 6 June 2019. Data lock 27 August 2019.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"29544457,Prevalence of probable Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder symptoms: result from a Spanish sample of children.,"['ADHD', 'ADHD Rating Scale', 'Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity', 'Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity/epidemiology', 'Children', 'Socio-economic status']","['Alberto José Cerrillo-Urbina', 'Antonio García-Hermoso', 'Vicente Martínez-Vizcaíno', 'María Jesús Pardo-Guijarro', 'Abel Ruiz-Hermosa', 'Mairena Sánchez-López']","[StringElement('The aims of our study were to: (i) determine the prevalence of children aged 4 to 6\xa0years with probable Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) symptoms in the Spanish population; and (ii) analyse the association of probable ADHD symptoms with sex, age, type of school, origin (native or foreign) and socio-economic status in these children.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This cross-sectional study included 1189 children (4 to 6\xa0years-old) from 21 primary schools in 19 towns from the Ciudad Real and Cuenca provinces, Castilla-La Mancha region, Spain. The ADHD Rating Scales IV for parents and teachers was administered to determine the probability of ADHD. The 90th percentile cut-off was used to establish the prevalence of inattention, hyperactivity/impulsivity and combined subtype.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The prevalence of children with probable ADHD symptoms was 5.4% (2.6% inattention subtype symptoms, 1.5% hyperactivity/impulsivity subtype symptoms, and 1.3% combined subtype symptoms). Children aged 4 to 5\xa0years showed a higher prevalence of probable ADHD in the inattention subtype symptoms and in total of all subtypes than children aged 6\xa0years, and children with low socio-economic status reported a higher prevalence of probable ADHD symptoms (each subtype and total of all of them) than those with medium and high socio-economic status.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Early diagnosis and an understanding of the predictors of being probable ADHD are needed to direct appropriate identification and intervention efforts. These screening efforts should be especially addressed to vulnerable groups, particularly low socio-economic status families and younger children.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32164615,Dispensation of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) medications in patients receiving opioid agonist therapy; a national prospective cohort study in Norway from 2015 to 2017.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Centrally acting stimulants', 'Dispensed drugs', 'Hyperkinetic disorder', 'Opioid substitution treatment', 'Register data', 'Substance-related disorders']","['Jørn Henrik Vold', 'Christer Aas', 'Svetlana Skurtveit', 'Ingvild Odsbu', 'Fatemeh Chalabianloo', 'Anne Halmøy', 'Kjell Arne Johansson', 'Lars Thore Fadnes']","[StringElement('It is estimated that up to a third of patients on opioid agonist therapy (OAT) have attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Treatment by ADHD medication, including a centrally acting stimulant (CAS) or atomoxetine is one of the essential approaches. This study evaluates the use of dispensed ADHD medications in the Norwegian OAT population in the period from 2015 to 2017. Types and doses of ADHD medications, co-dispensations of other potentially addictive drugs like benzodiazepines, z-hypnotics, gabapentinoids, and non-OAT opioids, as well as direct-acting antivirals (DAA) against hepatitis C infection, are investigated.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Information about all dispensed ADHD medication, OAT opioids, and the defined potentially addictive drugs were recorded from the Norwegian Prescription Database. Dispensation rates, the types, and the doses of dispensed ADHD medications were estimated by summarizing the number of dispensations, and the dispensed doses. Logistic regression analyses were employed to assess the associations between ADHD medication, and OAT opioid use, and dispensations of other potentially addictive drugs and DAAs against hepatitis C infection.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 9235 OAT patients were included. The proportion of patients who were dispensed ADHD medication increased from 3.5 to 4.6% throughout the study period. The three most dispensed CAS were short- and intermediate-acting methylphenidate (55%), lisdexamphetamine (24%), and dexamphetamine (17%) in 2017. Buprenorphine, rather than methadone, as OAT opioid (adjusted odds ratio: 1.6, CI: 1.2-2.1) was associated with being dispensed ADHD medication. Among patients who received CAS and OAT opioids each calendar year, the dispensed doses of methylphenidate increased from 63\u2009mg/day in 2015 to 76\u2009mg/day in 2017 (p\u2009=\u20090.01). Sixty percent of patients receiving ADHD medications were also dispensed other addictive drugs concomitantly in 2017. Similar results were found in 2015 and 2016.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Co-prescription of ADHD medications was low among patients on OAT in Norway, considering a high prevalence of ADHD in this patient group. On the other hand, concurrent dispensations of multiple addictive drugs were common in this population. Understanding the underlying reasons for such prescribing is essential, and research on how to optimize ADHD medication of patients with ADHD receiving OAT is needed.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"28602133,Nutritional and environmental factors in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): A cross-sectional study.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Body mass index', 'Mediterranean diet', 'Sedentary behaviour']","['Ismael San Mauro Martín', 'Javier Andrés Blumenfeld Olivares', 'Elena Garicano Vilar', 'Manuela Echeverry López', 'Marta García Bernat', 'Yaiza Quevedo Santos', 'Marta Blanco López', 'Paloma Elortegui Pascual', 'Elena Borregon Rivilla', 'Mario Rincón Barrado']","[StringElement(""Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been related to nutrient deficiencies and 'unhealthy' diets, and to date there is only one study that examined the relationship between the Mediterranean diet and ADHD. The aim was to determine the association between those environmental, nutritional, and body composition factors that may affect the pathogenesis and symptomatology of patients with ADHD in Spain."", attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A total of 89 children and adolescents (41 with diagnosed ADHD and 48 controls) were studied in an observation case-control study. Anthropometry, nutritional status, adherence to a Mediterranean diet, sedentary behaviour, and sleep were measured.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Lower adherence to a Mediterranean diet was associated with ADHD diagnosis. Individuals with ADHD more often missed having a second serving of vegetables daily and showed reduced intakes of fish, pulses, and pasta or rice almost every day when compared with controls. Statistically significant differences (P\u2009<\u20090.05) were found for fish, cereal, no breakfast and commercially baked goods consumption. There were also statistically significant differences between ADHD individuals and controls when analysing sedentary behaviours and BMI (P\u2009<\u20090.05).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Low adherence to a Mediterranean diet might play a role in ADHD development. Not only specific nutrients but also the whole diet should be considered in ADHD. No clear association was found for anthropometry and sedentary behaviours.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33914279,Adhesion G protein-coupled receptor L3 gene variants: Statistically significant association observed in the male Indo-caucasoid Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder probands.,"['ADGRL3', 'ADHD', 'Executive function', 'rs2345039', 'rs6551665']","['Mahasweta Chatterjee', 'Sharmistha Saha', 'Sayanti Shom', 'Swagata Sinha', 'Kanchan Mukhopadhyay']","['Primary symptoms of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) are age inappropriate inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity. Caucasoid individuals showed increased susceptibility to ADHD and disruptive behaviour in presence of Adhesion G-protein-coupled receptor L3 (ADGRL3) gene variants. We investigated ADGRL3 rs1868790, rs6551665, rs2345039 in Indo-Caucasoid families with ADHD probands (N\u2009=\u2009249) and controls (N\u2009=\u2009350). Behavioural traits, executive function, and IQ of probands were measured through Conner\'s Parent Rating Scale-Revised, Parental Account of Children\'s Symptoms, Barkley Deficit in Executive Functioning-Child & Adolescent Scale, and Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children-III respectively. After obtaining informed written consent, peripheral blood was collected for genomic DNA isolation and target sites were analyzed by PCR based methods or TaqMan assay. Case-control analysis showed higher frequency of rs2345039 \'C\' allele, \'CC\' genotype and A-A-C haplotype in the ADHD probands, principally due to higher occurrence of the \'C\' allele and A-A-C haplotype in the male probands (P\u2009<\u20090.05). Mother of the probands also showed higher occurrence of the \'C\' allele and ""CC"" genotype (P\u2009<\u20090.01). Executive function was better in presence of rs2345039 ""GG"" (P\u2009=\u20090.04) while IQ score was higher in presence of rs6551665 ""AA"" (P\u2009=\u20090.06). Linkage disequilibrium between rs6551665 and rs2345039 was stronger in the ADHD cases, chiefly in the male probands. Multifactor dimensionality reduction analysis showed strong interaction between rs6551665 and rs2345039 in the male probands while in the female probands rs1868790 and rs6551665 revealed non-linear interaction. Based on these observations, we infer that ADGRL3 may have a role in the aetiology of ADHD in this population warranting further in depth investigation.']"35347878,Transdiagnostic and sex differences in cognitive profiles of autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'ASD', 'WAIS', 'cognitive profile', 'sex difference']","['Hirokazu Doi', 'Chieko Kanai', 'Haruhisa Ohta']","['An increasing number of studies have shown that autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) share symptoms and aetiologies. However, transdiagnostic comparisons between ASD and ADHD is complicated due to the sex differences within each condition. To clarify the similarities and differences in the cognitive functioning between ASD and ADHD, while considering potential sex differences, this study compared cognitive profiles assessed by the WAIS-III between the four groups created by orthogonally combining diagnosis and sex based on the data from 277 ASD males, 86 ASD females, 99 ADHD males and 64 ADHD females. The analysis revealed three major findings. First, performance IQ and perceptual organization index were higher in ADHD males than in ASD males and ADHD females. Second, Gaussian mixture model fitting revealed two clusters underlying the distribution of subindex scores. The percentage of being classified into the cluster that scored lower in all the subindices was higher in females than in males irrespective of diagnosis. Third, feature importance for classification of ASD and ADHD yielded by random forest classifier, a supervised machine learning algorithm, revealed that autism quotient was most informative feature in classifying ASD and ADHD in males, while the discrepancy between verbal and performance intelligence quotient was in females, indicating that the set of behavioral features contributing to classification differs between males and females. Thus, these findings indicate that sex as well as diagnosis is critical in determining the cognitive profiles of people with ASD and ADHD. LAY SUMMARY: The present study compared profiles of cognitive functions measured by Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale between males and females with ASD and ADHD. The analyses revealed clear sex differences in cognitive functions in both ASD and ADHD and that the set of cognitive functions useful in classifying ASD and ADHD differed between males and females. Thus, biological sex seems to be a critical factor in determining the cognitive profiles of people with ASD and ADHD.']"35841140,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Time Perception in Adults: Do Adults with Different ADHD Symptomatology Severity Perceive Time Differently? Findings from the National Czech Study.,[],"['Radek Ptáček', 'Martina Vňuková', 'Filip Děchtěrenko', 'Simon Weissenberger', 'Eva Kitzlerová', 'Hana Ptáčková', 'Martin Anders']","['BACKGROUND Studies show neurological differences between patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and healthy controls. Furthermore, it is possible that poor timing is linked with impairments in neural circuitry. This study aimed to test the hypothesis that there is a difference in time perception between adults with severe ADHD symptomatology and adults with no ADHD symptomatology. MATERIAL AND METHODS Previously, we collected data from a more extensive set of participants (n=1518) concerning the prevalence of ADHD in adulthood. We recruited participants from 3 groups defined by increasing ADHD severity out of this participant pool. Each participant was presented with 2 experimental tasks (in counterbalanced order): duration estimation and duration discrimination. RESULTS In general, we did not find any specific differences in time perception related to the severity of ADHD. Regarding duration estimation, we found that the difference between the actual and estimated durations increased with the actual duration (F(1, 7028.00)=2685.38, P<0.001). Although the differences between groups were not significant, the group×duration interaction was (F[1, 7028.00]=10.86, P<0.001), with a very small effect size (ηp²<0.001, 95% CI [0.00, 0.01]). CONCLUSIONS The results suggest that although individuals may demonstrate increased ADHD symptomatology, they may not have objectively more significant difficulties in time perception tasks than their counterparts with mild symptomatology. Nonetheless, time perception should be further studied because, as qualitative research suggests, participants with more severe ADHD symptomatology subjectively perceive more significant differences in time management in real life.']"35484637,Trends in antipsychotic use for youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and disruptive behavior disorders.,"['ADHD', 'antipsychotic', 'comorbidities', 'disruptive behavior disorder', 'off-label']","['Susan dosReis', 'Jannat Saini', 'Kyungwan Hong', 'Gloria Reeves', ""O' Mareen Spence""]","[StringElement('To examine trends in off-label antipsychotic use for youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder with and without a comorbid disruptive behavior disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE'}), StringElement('This cross-sectional study of annual trends from 2007 through 2015 used the IQVIA PharMetrics® Plus for Academics data. We identified 165\u2009794 commercially-insured youth 3-18-year-old who had a diagnosis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and classified them into subgroups with and without disruptive behavior disorders comorbidities. Antipsychotic use, with or without a stimulant, was the primary dependent outcome. Logistic regression estimated the odds of antipsychotic use associated with comorbid attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and disruptive behavior disorders, adjusting for age, sex, study year, and other psychotropic use.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Over 70% of the 165\u2009794 youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder were 5-14-year-old and male, and 12% had disruptive behavior disorders. Antipsychotic prevalence, with or without a stimulant, was 4.4% in 2007 and 3.4% in 2015. Stimulants with antipsychotics increased significantly from 2007 to 2015 for females (19.5%-28.7%) and youth 15-18-year-old (25.9%-32.7%). Adjusting for age, sex, study year, and other psychotropic use, youth with a comorbid disruptive behavior had a 2.5 (95% CI: 2.3, 2.7) higher likelihood of receiving an antipsychotic than youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and no comorbidities.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Antipsychotic use was associated with comorbid disruptive behaviors in youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Off-label antipsychotic use has increased for females and older adolescents.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32819061,[Characteristics of executive function in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder comorbid with high functioning autism].,"['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Executive function', 'High functioning autism', 'Inhibition function']","['S H Zhang', 'P Wang', 'B R Yang', 'Y Y Zhong', 'Y F Wang']","[""<b>Objective:</b> To explore the characteristics of executive function in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder comorbid with high functioning autism. <b>Methods:</b> A total of 165 children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD group), 65 children with attention-deficit/Hyperactivity disorder comorbid with high functioning autism (ADHD-HFA group), and 84 healthy controls (control group) (based on the criteria of DSM-5) were recruited from the Outpatient Clinic of Child Healthcare Department of Shen Zhen Children's Hospital. The Rey complex figure test (RCFT), trail making test (TMT), Stroop color-word test were used to assess working memory, shifting and inhibition. <b>Results:</b> ADHD group (2.1±1.9, 7±5, 2.1±2.0 and 7±5) and ADHD-HFA group (2.0±2.0, 7±6, 2.0±2.1 and 6±5) performed worse than control group (3.4±2.0, 10±5, 3.4±2.0 and 10±6) in Rey complex figure test (all <i>P</i><0.05). ADHD group ((171±8) s, (27.40±0.82) s and (52.29±1.62) s) and ADHD-HFA group ((197±11) s, (29.7±1.1) s and (58.6±2.1) s) group took longer time on the TMT-2, Stroop2 and Stroop4 test than control group ((135±18) s, (22.4±1.9) s and (38.7±3.8) s) (all <i>P</i><0.05). In children with low intelligence quotient (IQ), ADHD group ((30±8) s) and ADHD-HFA group ((34±9) s) performed worse on Stroop3 test than control group ((20±4) s) (all <i>P</i><0.05). In children with average IQ, ADHD group ((19±5) s and (24±8) s) took longer time on the Stroop1 and Stroop3 test than control group ((16±3) s and (19±4) s) (all <i>P</i><0.05). In children with high IQ, ADHD-HFA group ((20±8) s) spent more time on Stroop1 than control group ((15±4) s) (<i>P</i><0.05). Inattention symptoms were associated with the time on TMT-2 of ADHD-HFA group (<i>r</i>=0.275 and 0.329, all <i>P</i><0.05). The score of item 1 in autism spectrum screening questionnaire (ASSQ) was negatively correlated with immediate recall structure and detail scores as well as delay structure scores of Rey complex figure test (<i>r</i>=-0.358, -0.326 and -0.306, all <i>P</i><0.05). The score of item 4 was positively correlated with errors of Stroop4 (<i>r</i>=0.296, <i>P</i><0.05). The score of item 22 was positively correlated with time of color interference (<i>r</i>=0.279, <i>P</i><0.05). <b>Conclusions:</b> Children with ADHD-HFA are likely to demonstrate the spatial working memory, shifting and inhibition deficits associated with ADHD alone. Some domains of executive function impairment in ADHD-HFA group are related with symptoms of inattention/hyperactivity and autism.""]"35660454,Peripheral blood inflammatory markers in patients with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): A systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['ADHD', 'Biomarker', 'Immunity', 'Inflammation', 'Mental disorder', 'Neurodevelopmental disorder']","['Błażej Misiak', 'Monika Wójta-Kempa', 'Jerzy Samochowiec', 'Carmen Schiweck', 'Mareike Aichholzer', 'Andreas Reif', 'Agnieszka Samochowiec', 'Bartłomiej Stańczykiewicz']","['It has been observed that subclinical inflammation might be involved in the pathophysiology of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, studies investigating peripheral blood levels of immune-inflammatory markers have provided mixed findings. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies comparing unstimulated serum or plasma levels of C-reactive protein (CRP) and cytokines in subjects with ADHD and healthy controls (the PROSPERO registration number: CRD 42021276869). Online searches covered the publication period until 30th Sep 2021 and random-effects meta-analyses were carried out. Out of 1844 publication records identified, 10 studies were included. The levels of interleukin (IL)-6 were significantly higher in studies of participants up to the age of 18\xa0years (k\xa0=\xa010, g\xa0=\xa00.70, 95%CI: 0.10-1.30, p\xa0=\xa00.023) and after including those above the age of 18\xa0years (k\xa0=\xa010, g\xa0=\xa00.71, 95%CI: 0.12-1.31, p\xa0=\xa00.019). In turn, the levels of tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) were significantly lower in subjects with ADHD compared to healthy controls (k\xa0=\xa07, g\xa0=\xa0-0.16, 95%CI: -0.30 - -0.03, p\xa0=\xa00.020). Individual studies had a high contribution to the overall effect, since the overall effect was no longer significant after removing single studies. No significant differences were found with respect to the levels of CRP, IL-1β, IL-10 and interferon-γ. The present findings indicate that individuals with ADHD tend to show elevated levels of IL-6 and reduced levels of TNF-α. Larger and longitudinal studies recording potential confounding factors and comorbid psychopathology are needed to confirm our findings.']"28126067,Criterion validity and clinical usefulness of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Rating Scale IV in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) as a function of method and age.,[],"['José A López-Villalobos', 'Jesús Andrés-De Llano', 'María V López-Sánchez', 'Luis Rodríguez-Molinero', 'Mercedes Garrido-Redondo', 'Ana M Sacristán-Martín', 'María T Martínez-Rivera', 'Susana Alberola-López']","[StringElement('The aim of this research is to analyze Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Rating Scales IV (ADHD RS-IV) criteria validity and its clinical usefulness for the assessment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) as a function of assessment method and age.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A sample was obtained from an epidemiological study (n = 1095, 6-16 years). Clinical cases of ADHD&nbsp; (ADHD-CL) were selected by dimensional ADHD RS-IV and later by clinical interview (DSM-IV). ADHD-CL cases were compared with four categorical results of ADHD RS-IV provided by parents (CATPA), teachers (CATPR), either parents or teachers (CATPAOPR) and both parents and teachers (CATPA&amp;PR). Criterion validity and clinical usefulness of the answer modalities to ADHD RS-IV were studied.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODOLOGY', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD-CL rate was 6.9% in childhood, 6.2% in preadolescence and 6.9% in adolescence. Alternative methods to the clinical interview led to increased numbers of ADHD cases in all age groups analyzed, in the following sequence: CATPAOPR&gt; CATPRO&gt; CATPA&gt; CATPA&amp;PR&gt; ADHD-CL. CATPA&amp;PR was the procedure with the greatest validity, specificity and clinical usefulness in all three age groups, particularly in the childhood.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Isolated use of ADHD RS-IV leads to an increase in ADHD cases compared to clinical interview, and varies depending on the procedure used.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35442196,Cannabis Use in Adults Who Screen Positive for Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: CANreduce 2.0 Randomized Controlled Trial Subgroup Analysis.,"['ADHD', 'CANreduce', 'anxiety', 'attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'cannabis', 'cannabis use disorder', 'depression', 'digital health', 'mental health', 'online health', 'online tool', 'web-based self-help tool']","['Joachim Ahlers', 'Christian Baumgartner', 'Mareike Augsburger', 'Andreas Wenger', 'Doris Malischnig', 'Nikolaos Boumparis', 'Thomas Berger', 'Lars Stark', 'David D Ebert', 'Severin Haug', 'Michael P Schaub']","[StringElement('Prevalence rates for lifetime cannabis use and cannabis use disorder are much higher in people with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder than in those without. CANreduce 2.0 is an intervention that is generally effective at reducing cannabis use in cannabis misusers. This self-guided web-based intervention (6-week duration) consists of modules grounded in motivational interviewing and cognitive behavioral therapy.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We aimed to evaluate whether the CANreduce 2.0 intervention affects cannabis use patterns and symptom severity in adults who screen positive for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder more than in those who do not.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We performed a secondary analysis of data from a previous study with the inclusion criterion of cannabis use at least once weekly over the last 30 days. Adults with and without attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (based on the Adult Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder Self-Report screener) who were enrolled to the active intervention arms of CANreduce 2.0 were compared regarding the number of days cannabis was used in the preceding 30 days, the cannabis use disorder identification test score (CUDIT) and the severity of dependence scale score (SDS) at baseline and the 3-month follow-up. Secondary outcomes were Generalized Anxiety Disorder score, Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression scale score, retention, intervention adherence, and safety.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Both adults with (n=94) and without (n=273) positive attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder screening reported significantly reduced frequency (reduction in consumption days: with: mean 11.53, SD 9.28, P<.001; without: mean 8.53, SD 9.4, P<.001) and severity of cannabis use (SDS: with: mean 3.57, SD 3.65, P<.001; without: mean 2.47, SD 3.39, P<.001; CUDIT: with: mean 6.38, SD 5.96, P<.001; without: mean 5.33, SD 6.05, P<.001), as well as anxiety (with: mean 4.31, SD 4.71, P<.001; without: mean 1.84, SD 4.22, P<.001) and depression (with: mean 10.25, SD 10.54; without: mean 4.39, SD 10.22, P<.001). Those who screened positive for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder also reported significantly decreased attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder scores (mean 4.65, SD 4.44, P<.001). There were no significant differences in change in use (P=.08), dependence (P=.95), use disorder (P=.85), attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder status (P=.84), depression (P=.84), or anxiety (P=.26) between baseline and final follow-up, dependent on positive attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder screening. Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptom severity at baseline was not associated with reduced cannabis use frequency or severity but was linked to greater reductions in depression (Spearman ρ=.33) and anxiety (Spearman ρ=.28). Individuals with positive attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder screening were significantly less likely to fill out the consumption diary (P=.02), but the association between continuous attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptom severity and retention (Spearman ρ=-0.10, P=.13) was nonsignificant. There also was no significant intergroup difference in the number of completed modules (with: mean 2.10, SD 2.33; without: mean 2.36, SD 2.36, P=.34), and there was no association with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptom severity (Spearman ρ=-0.09; P=.43). The same was true for the rate of adverse effects (P=.33).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""Cannabis users screening positive for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder may benefit from CANreduce 2.0 to decrease the frequency and severity of cannabis dependence and attenuate symptoms of depression and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder-related symptoms. This web-based program's advantages include its accessibility for remote users and a personalized counselling option that may contribute to increased adherence and motivation to change among program users."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN) 11086185; http://www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN11086185.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION'})]"35676341,Sluggish cognitive tempo profiles in survivors of childhood cancer as compared to children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention', 'Brain tumor', 'Leukemia', 'Pediatrics', 'SCT']","['Rachel K Peterson', 'Calliope Holingue', 'Lisa A Jacobson']","[StringElement('Neurocognitive late effects including problems with attention have been reported in pediatric oncology survivors. While some researchers have characterized these late effects as similar to symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, inattentive presentation (ADHD-I), there remains some controversy as to whether these concerns in oncology patients are best conceptualized according to an ADHD-I or sluggish cognitive tempo (SCT) framework. The aim of this study was to describe SCT symptoms in children with ADHD-I or oncology diagnoses; identify groups of SCT symptoms among children with brain tumors (BT), acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), or ADHD-I; and identify whether specific SCT profiles are associated with these diagnoses.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The sample was comprised of 364 youth (146 BT, 149 ADHD-I, 69 ALL) referred for a neuropsychological evaluation at an academic medical center. Caregivers completed the SCT scale as part of the clinical evaluation.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Groups differed on mean scores for the SCT scales (Total, Sleepy/sluggish, Low initiation, and Daydreamy) by diagnosis (all p\u2009<\u20090.05), with the ADHD-I group having higher SCT symptoms on all scales. Latent profile analysis showed significant differences between latent SCT classes according to ADHD-I versus cancer diagnosis. The ADHD-I group was significantly more likely to be in the high SCT class compared to the oncology groups.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Findings add to the understanding of SCT symptoms in pediatric oncology survivors. There is utility in applying the SCT framework to the oncology population; however, pediatric survivors are likely to be rated differently than youth with ADHD-I. Implications and future directions are discussed.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33398651,Dietary inflammatory index of mothers during pregnancy and Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder symptoms in the child at preschool age: a prospective investigation in the INMA and RHEA cohorts.,"['ADHD', 'Dietary inflammatory index', 'European birth cohorts', 'Maternal diet', 'Prenatal environment']","['Nerea Lertxundi', 'Amaia Molinuevo', 'Dania Valvi', 'Arantxa Gorostiaga', 'Nekane Balluerka', 'Nitin Shivappa', 'James Hebert', 'Eva María Navarrete-Muñoz', 'Jesus Vioque', 'Adonina Tardón', 'Martine Vrijheid', 'Theano Roumeliotaki', 'Katerina Koutra', 'Leda Chatzi', 'Jesus Ibarluzea']","['Inflammation provides a substrate for mechanisms that underlie the association of maternal diet during pregnancy with Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) symptoms in childhood. However, no previous study has quantified the proinflammatory potential of maternal diet as a risk factor for ADHD. Thus, we evaluated the association of maternal dietary inflammatory index (DII<sup>®</sup>) scores during pregnancy with ADHD symptoms in 4-year-old children born in two Mediterranean regions. We analyzed data from two population-based birth cohort studies-INMA (Environment and Childhood) four subcohorts in Spain (N\u2009=\u20092097), and RHEA study in Crete (Greece) (N\u2009=\u2009444). The DII score of maternal diet was calculated based on validated food frequency questionnaires completed during pregnancy (12th and/or 32nd week of gestation). ADHD symptoms were assessed by ADHD-DSM-IV in INMA cohort and by ADHDT test in RHEA cohort, with questionnaires filled-out by teachers and parents, respectively. The associations between maternal DII and ADHD symptoms were analysed using multivariable-adjusted zero-inflated negative binomial regression models in each cohort study separately. Meta-analysis was conducted to combine data across the cohorts for fitting within one model. The DII was significantly higher in RHEA (RHEA\u2009=\u20092.09 [1.94, 2.24]) in comparison to INMA subcohorts (Asturias\u2009=\u2009-\xa01.52 [-\xa01.67, -\xa01.38]; Gipuzkoa\u2009=\u2009-\xa01.48 [-\xa01.64, -\xa01.33]; Sabadell\u2009=\u2009-\xa00.95 [-\xa01.07, -\xa00.83]; Valencia\u2009=\u2009-\xa00.76 [-\xa00.90, -\xa00.62]). Statistically significant reduced risk of inattention symptomatology (OR\u2009=\u20090.86; CI 95%\u2009=\u20090.77-0.96), hyperactivity symptomatology (OR\u2009=\u20090.82; CI 95%\u2009=\u20090.72-0.92) and total ADHD symptomatology (OR\u2009=\u20090.82; CI 95%\u2009=\u2009-\xa00.72 to 0.93) were observed with increased maternal DII in boys. No statistically significant associations were observed in girls between maternal DII and inattention, hyperactivity and total ADHD symptomatology. We found reduced risk of ADHD symptomatology with increased DII only in boys. This relationship requires further exploration in other settings.']"31242533,Intellectual functioning and executive functions in children and adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and specific learning disorder (SLD).,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'adolescents', 'children', 'executive functions', 'intellectual functioning', 'specific learning disorder']","['Noemi Faedda', 'Maria Romani', 'Serena Rossetti', 'Miriam Vigliante', 'Lina Pezzuti', 'Francesco Cardona', 'Vincenzo Guidetti']","['Several studies have shown neuropsychological deficits across multiple domains in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and specific learning disorder (SLD), but differences and similarities between these disorders have been little considered. We were interested in analyzing the intellectual and executive profiles in a sample of children and adolescents, divided according to the diagnosis into the ADHD group and the SLD group, and in identifying the differences and similarities between these disorders. The sample included two clinical groups: the first included 36 children and adolescents with a diagnosis of ADHD (5-15\xa0years; mean\xa0=\xa09.42; SD\xa0=\xa02.22) while the second included 36 children and adolescents with a diagnosis of SLD (7-15\xa0years; mean\xa0=\xa09.43; SD\xa0=\xa02.25). The WISC-IV was used to measure intellectual ability and the NEPSY-II was employed to measure executive functions. The results showed that the SLD group had significantly higher scores than the ADHD group on the NEPSY-II in the inhibition, cognitive flexibility, short-term verbal memory and verbal working memory domains. The ANCOVA showed differences regarding the FSIQ of WISC-IV, in that the SLD group obtaining higher scores than ADHD group. Findings showed that ADHD children are more impaired than SLD children, in particular in cognitive inhibition, cognitive flexibility, verbal memory, working memory and intellectual functioning. The recognition of the strengths and weaknesses of children and adolescents with ADHD and SLD allows to outline an educational and clinical intervention focused on their specific executive and intellectual functioning.']"34653671,Associations Between Sleep-Disordered Breathing and Behavioral and Cognitive Functions in Children With and Without Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'behavior', 'child', 'cognition', 'sleep-disordered breathing']","['Kyoung Min Kim', 'Myung Ho Lim', 'Mina Ha', 'Ho-Jang Kwon']","[StringElement('Sleep-related problems are highly prevalent comorbidities in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This study aimed to investigate the associations between sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) and behavioral and cognitive functions in children with and without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""A total of 341 children were included (ADHD group: 155, control group: 186; age: 6-10 years). The participants' sleep-related symptoms were assessed using a parent-rated questionnaire, and they were categorized into low- and high-risk SDB groups based on their scores. Behavioral symptoms were assessed using the Behavioral Assessment System for Children, Second Edition (BASC-2), and cognitive sustained attention and inhibitory control were assessed using a computer-based continuous performance test."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In the ADHD group, the high-risk SDB children showed significantly higher scores than the low-risk SDB group in externalizing problems (F\xa0=\xa04.22; P\xa0=\xa00.042), including hyperactivity (F\xa0=\xa04.65; P\xa0=\xa00.033) and attention problems (F\xa0=\xa08.19; P\xa0=\xa00.005), but not internalizing problems. Meanwhile, in the control group, the high-risk SDB children showed significantly higher scores than the low-risk SDB group in internalizing problems (F\xa0=\xa09.89; P\xa0=\xa00.002), depression (F\xa0=\xa09.45; P\xa0=\xa00.002), and somatization (F\xa0=\xa07.83; P\xa0=\xa00.006), as well as in externalizing problems (F\xa0=\xa07.72; P\xa0=\xa00.006), including hyperactivity (F\xa0=\xa06.23; P\xa0=\xa00.013), aggression (F\xa0=\xa05.00; P\xa0=\xa00.027), and conduct problems (F\xa0=\xa06.79; P\xa0=\xa00.010). Contrary to the behavioral outcomes, none of the attention performance subscale scores showed significant differences between the high- and low-risk SDB groups in either the ADHD or control group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The present findings suggest that SDB is associated with behavioral problems in children with ADHD and controls, with stronger associations in control children. On the contrary, SDB has no association with cognitive attention performance. This study extends our understanding of the associations of SDB with behavioral symptoms and cognitive functions in children.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32943653,Non-coding structural variation differentially impacts attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) gene networks in African American vs Caucasian children.,[],"['Yichuan Liu', 'Xiao Chang', 'Huiqi Qu', 'Joseph Glessner', 'Lifeng Tian', 'Dong Li', 'Haijun Qiu', 'Patrick M A Sleiman', 'Hakon Hakonarson']","['Previous studies of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have suggested that structural variants (SVs) play an important role but these were mainly studied in subjects of European ancestry and focused on coding regions. In this study, we sought to address the role of SVs in non-European populations and outside of coding regions. To that end, we generated whole genome sequence (WGS) data on 875 individuals, including 205 ADHD cases and 670 non-ADHD controls. The ADHD cases included 116 African Americans (AA) and 89 of European Ancestry (EA) with SVs in comparison with 408 AA and 262 controls, respectively. Multiple SVs and target genes that associated with ADHD from previous studies were identified or replicated, and novel recurrent ADHD-associated SV loci were discovered. We identified clustering of non-coding SVs around neuroactive ligand-receptor interaction pathways, which are involved in neuronal brain function, and highly relevant to ADHD pathogenesis and regulation of gene expression related to specific ADHD phenotypes. There was little overlap (around 6%) in the genes impacted by SVs between AA and EA. These results suggest that SVs within non-coding regions may play an important role in ADHD development and that WGS could be a powerful discovery tool for studying the molecular mechanisms of ADHD.']"28449914,Evaluation of sleep organization in patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and ADHD as a comorbidity of epilepsy.,"['ADHD', 'Adolescents', 'Children', 'Epilepsy', 'Sleep']","['Felipe Kalil Neto', 'Magda L Nunes']","[StringElement('Epilepsy or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) can influence sleep organization in different ways. The aim of this study was to evaluate sleep organization in children and adolescents with ADHD and epilepsy, and to analyze the influence of methylphenidate.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE/BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This was an observational, cross-sectional study of children and adolescents with epilepsy, who were seizure free for at least three months, and were also diagnosed with ADHD. They were selected from the epilepsy and child neurology outpatient clinic of a university hospital in Brazil. After sample size calculation, patients were consecutively included into four different groups, with 21 patients each: epilepsy\xa0+\xa0ADHD using methylphenidate, epilepsy\xa0+\xa0ADHD not using methylphenidate, only ADHD, and a healthy control group. All participants were evaluated with the Sleep Disturbance Scale for Children (SDSC) and monitored with actigraphy for five nights/days.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Actigraphic analysis showed a higher number of night awakenings in the epilepsy\xa0+\xa0ADHD groups; they were most prominent in the group without methylphenidate (p\xa0=\xa00.001). Parental reports demonstrated a higher risk for sleep disturbances in the epilepsy\xa0+\xa0ADHD without methylphenidate and the ADHD groups (p\xa0<\xa00.001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Primary ADHD as a comorbidity of epilepsy impairs sleep organization in children, and the use of short-acting methylphenidate seems to improve it. Both objective (actigraphic) and subjective (SDSC) measures showed significant sleep alterations between primary ADHD and ADHD as a comorbidity of epilepsy; this was most prominent in the group without methylphenidate.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33687158,Similarity of subjective symptoms between autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in adults: Preliminary findings.,"['Autism-Spectrum Quotient', ""Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scales"", 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'self-rating questionnaires']","['Akari Nakagawa', 'Wakaho Hayashi', 'Takashi Nishio', 'Yoichi Hanawa', 'Keisuke Aoyagi', 'Yuka Okajima', 'Akira Iwanami']","[StringElement('The purpose of this study was to examine the symptoms of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in the adult clinical population using the Autism-Spectrum Quotient (AQ) and the Adult ADHD Rating Scales self-report screening version (CAARS-S:SV).', attributes={'Label': 'AIM'}), StringElement('We included 50 adults with ASD and 52 with ADHD diagnosed using the DSM-5 criteria. Clinical symptoms were evaluated using the AQ and CAARS-S:SV.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The AQ score was elevated in the ADHD group and the CAARS scores were increased in the ASD group. Specifically, the total AQ score in adults with ADHD was lower than that in the ASD group, but was higher than that in controls. Similarly, the CAARS scores in adults with ASD were lower than in those with ADHD, but were higher than those in controls. No significant correlations were found between AQ, CAARS Inattention/Memory Problems, and CAARS Hyperactivity/Restlessness scores in both the ASD and ADHD groups.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('While adults with ASD and ADHD exhibited similar clinical symptoms, the absence of AQ-CAARS correlations suggests the need for examining factors other than the apparent similarity of clinical symptoms of the two disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34293314,Prenatal exposure to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) and associations with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorder in children.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Autism spectrum disorder (ASD)', 'Father and child cohort study (MoBa)', 'Medical birth registry of Norway (MBRN)', 'Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS)', 'The Norwegian mother']","['Thea S Skogheim', 'Kjell Vegard F Weyde', 'Heidi Aase', 'Stephanie M Engel', 'Pål Surén', 'Merete G Øie', 'Guido Biele', 'Ted Reichborn-Kjennerud', 'Anne Lise Brantsæter', 'Line S Haug', 'Azemira Sabaredzovic', 'Bonnie Auyeung', 'Gro D Villanger']","[StringElement('Prenatal exposure to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) may be a risk factor for neurodevelopmental deficits and disorders, but evidence is inconsistent.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We investigated whether prenatal exposure to PFAS were associated with childhood diagnosis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) or autism spectrum disorder (ASD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('This study was based on the Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study and included n\xa0=\xa0821 ADHD cases, n\xa0=\xa0400 ASD cases and n\xa0=\xa0980 controls. Diagnostic cases were identified by linkage with the Norwegian Patient Registry. In addition, we used data from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway. The study included the following PFAS measured in maternal plasma sampled mid-pregnancy: Perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA), perfluorononanoic acid (PFNA), perfluorodecanoic acid (PFDA), perfluoroundecanoic acid (PFUnDA), perfluorohexane sulfonate (PFHxS), perfluoroheptanesulfonic acid (PFHpS), and perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS). Relationships between individual PFAS and ADHD or ASD diagnoses were examined using multivariable adjusted logistic regression models. We also tested for possible non-linear exposure-outcome associations. Further, we investigated the PFAS mixture associations with ASD and ADHD diagnoses using a quantile-based g-computation approach.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Odds of ASD was significantly elevated in PFOA quartile 2 [OR\xa0=\xa01.71 (95% CI: 1.20, 2.45)] compared to quartile 1, and PFOA appeared to have a non-linear, inverted U-shaped dose-response relationship with ASD. PFOA was also associated with increased odds of ADHD, mainly in quartile 2 [OR\xa0=\xa01.54 (95% CI: 1.16, 2.04)] compared to quartile 1, and displayed a non-linear relationship in the restricted cubic spline model. Several PFAS (PFUnDA, PFDA, and PFOS) were inversely associated with odds of ADHD and/or ASD. Some of the associations were modified by child sex and maternal education. The overall PFAS mixture was inversely associated with ASD [OR\xa0=\xa00.76 (95% CI: 0.64, 0.90)] as well as the carboxylate mixture [OR\xa0=\xa00.79 (95% CI: 0.68, 0.93)] and the sulfonate mixture [OR\xa0=\xa00.84 (95% CI: 0.73, 0.96)].', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Prenatal exposure to PFOA was associated with increased risk of ASD and ADHD in children. For some PFAS, as well as their mixtures, there were inverse associations with ASD and/or ADHD. However, the inverse associations reported herein should not be interpreted as protective effects, but rather that there could be some unresolved confounding for these relationships. The epidemiologic literature linking PFAS exposures with neurodevelopmental outcomes is still inconclusive, suggesting the need for more research to elucidate the neurotoxicological potential of PFAS during early development.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33555215,Mitochondrial DNA copy number may be associated with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder severity in treatment: a one-year follow-up study.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'mitochondrial DNA', 'mitochondrial dysfunction', 'mtDNA', 'severity', 'treatment']","['Hakan Öğütlü', 'İbrahim Selçuk Esin', 'Haktan Bağış Erdem', 'Abdülgani Tatar', 'Onur Burak Dursun']","[StringElement('Studies on etiopathogenesis of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are increasingly focussing on mitochondrial dysfunction. Children diagnosed with ADHD who had significantly higher mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) copy numbers than healthy children in our first study were re-examined in 1-year follow-up to investigate effects of severity and treatment of ADHD on mtDNA.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Twenty-eight patients who participated in previous study were included in this follow-up study. Patients were equally divided into two groups according to whether they had been receiving treatment. Kiddie Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-Age Children-Present and Lifetime Version, and Conners Parent Rating Scale (CPRS) were used. Polymerase chain reaction was performed.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Means of the first and second mtDNA copy were similar in all patients. mtDNA copy numbers did not change between two measurements in treated and non-treated groups. There was a correlation between CPRS ADHD index and inattention scores and mtDNA copy number in treated group. mtDNA copy number did not change in patients with ADHD over a period of 1 year regardless of treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('There may be a relationship between decreased ADHD severity with treatment and positive effects of mitochondrial functions. Mitochondrial dysfunction may play a role in pathophysiology of ADHD.KEY POINTSThis was the first study to follow up ADHD patients in order to investigate mitochondrial dysfunction by measuring mtDNA copy numbers 1 year after the initial measurements.mtDNA copy number, one of the best markers of mitochondrial dysfunction, did not change in ADHD patients over a period of 1 year regardless of treatment.Mitochondrial dysfunction may play a role in the pathophysiology of ADHD, where it may be involved with or without treatment.In the treated group, there was an association between decreased ADHD severity and reduced mtDNA copy numbers.There may be a relationship between decreased ADHD severity with treatment and the positive effects of mitochondrial functions.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35833692,Childhood symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and borderline personality disorder.,"['ADHD', 'borderline personality disorder', 'impulsivity', 'longitudinal studies', 'symptomatology']","['Annika Tiger', 'Anna Ohlis', 'Johan Bjureberg', 'Sebastian Lundström', 'Paul Lichtenstein', 'Henrik Larsson', 'Clara Hellner', 'Ralf Kuja-Halkola', 'Nitya Jayaram-Lindström']","[StringElement('Childhood attention-deficit /hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is known to be associated with adult Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD). We investigated if any of the subdimensions of childhood ADHD, that is, impulsivity, inattention, or hyperactivity was more prominent in this association.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('In a nation-wide cohort (N\xa0=\u200913,330), we utilized parent reported symptoms of childhood ADHD and clinically ascertained adult BPD diagnoses. The summed total scores of ADHD symptoms and its three subdimensions were used and standardized for effect size comparison. Associations were analyzed using Cox regression with sex and birth-year adjustments. Secondary outcomes were BPD-associated traits (i.e., self-harm and substance use) analyzed using logistic- and linear regression respectively.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD symptom severity was positively associated with BPD with a hazard ratio (HR) of 1.47 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.22-1.79) per standard deviation increase in total ADHD symptoms. Impulsivity was the most prominent subdimension with the only statistically significant association when analyzed in a model mutually adjusted for all ADHD subdimensions-HR for inattention: 1.15 (95% CI: 0.85-1.55), hyperactivity: 0.94 (95% CI: 0.69-1.26), impulsivity: 1.46 (95% CI: 1.12-1.91). In secondary analyses, weak positive associations were seen between total ADHD symptom score and self-harm and substance use. In analyses by subdimensions of ADHD, associations were weak and most prominent for inattention in the model with self-harm.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Childhood ADHD symptoms were associated with subsequent development of BPD diagnosis and appeared to be driven primarily by impulsivity. Our findings are important for understanding the association between childhood symptoms of ADHD and subsequent BPD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35507285,Adult Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder/Substance Use Disorder Dual Disorder Patients: A Dual Disorder Unit Point of View.,"['ADHD Clinical presentations', 'Adult ADHD', 'Caffeine', 'Cocaine Use Disorder', 'Substance Use Disorder']","['Icro Maremmani', 'Vincenza Spera', 'Marco Maiello', 'Angelo G I Maremmani', 'Giulio Perugi']","['Substance Use Disorders (SUDs) are often associated with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in adult populations due to multiple neurobiological, genetic, and psychosocial risk factors. This chapter provides a picture of the clinical aspects of adults with both ADHD and SUDs at treatment entry into a Dual Disorder Unit introducing the concept of different types of craving that may lead to substance use and abuse. At treatment entry, the presence of different comorbid SUD clusters, characterized by either stimulants/alcohol or by the use of cannabinoids, has not been shown to influence ADHD-specific symptomatology or severity, despite being crucial for the identification of a specific type of craving. We identified four clinical presentations of adult ADHD: Emotional Dysregulation, Substance Use, Core-ADHD Symptoms, and Positive Emotionality variants, that offer a practical guide in diagnosing and managing adult ADHD patients. Although the evidence of an effective medical treatment for Cocaine Use Disorder is insufficient, in our experience, toxicomanic behavior during stimulant treatment is sharply reduced in ADHD patients with cocaine addiction. Moreover, caffeinated compounds in military soldiers with ADHD may help reduce ADHD symptoms, making caffeine a potential pharmacological tool worth further investigation. Finally, substance use comorbidity does not influence treatment retention rate.']"35283019,Accuracy of the short screening instrument for psychological problems (SSIPPE) in enuresis in the Identification of attention-deficit/ hyperactivity symptoms in the enuretic population.,"['Adolescents', 'Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Children', 'Enuresis']","['Flávia Cristina de Carvalho Mrad', 'Gabriel Sesana da Silva', 'Geyce Kelly de Souza Rodrigues', 'José Murillo Bastos Netto', 'Eleonora Moreira Lima', 'Tânia Antunes Carvalho', 'Melissa Faria Dutra', 'José de Bessa Junior', 'Mônica Maria de Almeida Vasconcelos']","[StringElement('Enuresis prevalence is approximately 5-15% in children aged 6-7 years. The presence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in enuretic children is associated with 3 times greater risk of persistent enuresis. The Multimodal Treatment Study for ADHD (MTA) Swanson, Nolan, and Pelham version IV (SNAP-IV) is one of the most used instruments to evaluate ADHD symptoms, but it is a time-consuming questionnaire.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('This study aims to compare the accuracy of an easy questionnaire named Short Screening Instrument for Psychological Problems in Enuresis (SSIPPE) to MTA-SNAP-IV in identifying ADHD symptoms in children and adolescents with enuresis.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('ADHD symptoms screening was performed by applying SSIPPE and MTA-SNAP-IV in 160 children and adolescents with enuresis, aged 6-14 years, who regularly attended a specialized clinic for pediatric urology.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 153 individuals with enuresis were included in the study (52% males), among them 55\xa0(35.9%) were considered positive for inattention and\xa0hyperactivity-impulsivity by the MTA-SNAP-IV. Sensitivity for SSIPPE concerning MTA-SNAP-IV was\xa085.5%, and specificity was 84.7%, with an overall\xa0accuracy of 85% in identifying ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""In the present study, we found high accuracy of SSIPPE in relation to MTA-SNAP-IV in identifying ADHD symptoms in the enuretic population, with substantial agreement between instruments. Its sensitivity and specificity were considered high for\xa0a\xa0screening method. However, there are some limitations. The population studied is composed of a\xa0group of children with enuresis, which can lead to\xa0an overestimation of the test's accuracy, as the disorder under investigation is more prevalent in this\xa0population. This can be explained by the high\xa0specificity of the test (84.7%) associated with\xa0the fact that the SSIPPE is an instrument tailored for an enuretic population, unlike the MTA-SNAP IV."", attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION'}), StringElement('The SSIPPE has proven to be a reliable tool in identifying ADHD symptoms in the enuretic population. In addition to being a quick and easily applicable instrument.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"31766996,"Oral health of children and adolescents with or without attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) living in residential care in rural Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.","['ADHD', 'Children and adolescents', 'Oral health status', 'Residential care setting']","['Vicky Ehlers', 'Angelika Callaway', 'Sophia Wantzen', 'Michael Patyna', 'James Deschner', 'Birgül Azrak']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is defined as childhood neurobehavioural disorder. Due to short attention span, oral hygiene and dental treatment of such individuals can be challenging. Aim of this study was to evaluate the oral health of children and adolescents with and without ADHD living in residential care in rural Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Included in the study were 79 participants (male/female:58/21, age 9-15\u2009years) living in residential care: 34 participants with ADHD and 45 participants without ADHD (control). Oral examination included the following parameters decayed, missing, filled teeth in the primary dentition (dmft), decayed, missing, filled surfaces/teeth in the secondary dentition (DMFS/DMFT), approximal plaque index (API), bruxism and orthodontic treatment. Additionally, oral hygiene, last dental visit and treatment performed, and dietary habits were assessed by questionnaire.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('There were no significant differences in dmft, API, bruxism and oral hygiene habits between groups. However, participants with ADHD tended to have higher DMFS/DMFT values than the control group. Ongoing orthodontic treatment was found more often in the control group. The ADHD group tended to consume acidic/sugary beverages and sweet snacks more often than the controls. Different treatments (control visit/prophylaxis, dental therapy, orthodontic treatment) were performed at the last dental visit in the two groups.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Within the limitations of this study, oral health was similar in children and adolescents with or without ADHD from the same residential care setting. Parents/guardians need instructions for better supervision of oral hygiene and dietary habits to improve the poor oral health of children with or without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32126477,Association between tendencies for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and the 2D:4D digit ratio: a cross-cultural replication in Germany and China.,"['2D:4D digit ratio', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) tendencies', 'Literature review', 'Prenatal testosterone', 'Replication']","['Jennifer Wernicke', 'Julia Tamara Zabel', 'Yingying Zhang', 'Benjamin Becker', 'Christian Montag']","['Prenatal testosterone is considered to be a possible factor contributing to the development of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptomatology, but findings regarding the connection between individual variations in prenatal testosterone exposure as (indirectly) indexed by the second-to-fourth digit (2D:4D) ratio and ADHD remain inconsistent. To clarify the inconsistent findings and to facilitate generalization on the association between subclinical variations in ADHD tendencies and lower 2D:4D ratios the current study applied a cross-cultural replication approach employing independent healthy adult cohorts from Germany and China. Samples from Germany and China were matched for gender and age (in each sample n<sub>males</sub>\u202f=\u202f96, n<sub>females</sub>\u202f=\u202f96; age<sub>Germany</sub>: M\u202f=\u202f21.47, SD\u202f=\u202f2.55; age<sub>China</sub>: M\u202f=\u202f21.36, SD\u202f=\u202f2.28). All participants filled in the Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale Symptom Checklist (ASRS) and provided hand scans to measure 2D:4D ratios. The German sample had significantly higher 2D:4D ratios than the Chinese sample but in both samples males had significantly lower 2D:4D ratios than females. The hypothesised negative association between 2D:4D ratios and ADHD tendencies was observed on a descriptive level in German and Chinese males and with one exception in Chinese females. But only in German males correlations gained significance (range: r\u202f=\u202f-0.198 to r\u202f=\u202f-0.177). The observed effect sizes are in line with former research that was conducted in samples from different cultures. In future research on the connection between testosterone and ADHD not only prenatal but also postnatal testosterone as well as possible moderators like childhood maltreatment should be taken into account.']"32703662,Wandering minds in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and borderline personality disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Borderline personality disorder', 'Experience sampling method', 'Mind wandering']","['Talar R Moukhtarian', 'Iris Reinhard', 'Alfonso Morillas-Romero', 'Celine Ryckaert', 'Florence Mowlem', 'Natali Bozhilova', 'Paul Moran', 'Ulrich Ebner-Priemer', 'Philip Asherson']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and borderline personality disorder (BPD) have overlapping symptoms. We proposed that excessive spontaneous mind wandering (MW-S) might reflect a component of psychopathology that distinguishes ADHD from BPD. Using a questionnaire measure of MW-S and an experience sampling method, we investigated MW-S in daily life, in 28 ADHD, 19 BPD, 22 comorbid ADHD+BPD, and 29 control females. The clinical groups reported heightened frequency and intensity of MW-S compared to controls, but no differences from each other. When controlling for depression and anxiety, significant differences only persisted between controls and ADHD, who also showed elevated intensity of MW-S compared to BPD and comorbid ADHD+BPD. We found no MW-S instability differences amongst clinical cases as well as cases versus controls. Negative content of MW-S was higher in BPD and comorbid ADHD+BPD compared to controls, with no differences between ADHD and controls. When controlling for depression/anxiety, the differences between BPD and comorbid ADHD+BPD and controls dissipated. MW-S is a trans-diagnostic process present in both ADHD and BPD. Yet, the underlying mechanisms of this experience may be driven by anxiety/depression in BPD but reflect a core process in ADHD.']"33073542,Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms in Young Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'early childhood', 'psychopathology']","['Ji S Hong', 'Vini Singh', 'Luke Kalb']","['The purpose of the current study was to examine the prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms among young children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD), child and parent-related demographic and clinical correlates of ADHD symptoms, and the relationships between co-occurring mental health problems and ADHD symptoms. Data for this cross-sectional study came from 979 toddlers and preschoolers, ages 1.5-5\u2009years, with ASD. The primary outcome, ADHD symptoms, was measured using the Child Behavior Check List 1.5-5 (CBCL). Additional information from the medical record included demographics, parenting stress, and Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule Second Edition. Descriptive and bivariate (ANOVA, Chi-Square) statistics and multivariate, multinomial regression analyses were used to examine demographic and clinical differences between low, moderate, and high ADHD symptom groups, as defined by 2 ADHD-related subscales. There were 418 (43%) children in the low ADHD symptom group, 294 (30%) in the moderate ADHD symptom group, and 267 (27%) in the high ADHD symptom group. Those with high ADHD symptoms were less likely to be Black or Hispanic and less likely to have parents with a graduate-level education compared to those with low ADHD symptoms. Parenting stress and all CBCL DSM-oriented subscales were positively associated with increasing ADHD symptoms. Among young children with ASD, ADHD symptoms were highly prevalent. The presence of ADHD symptoms was associated with increasing parenting stress and greater levels of other psychopathologies. These data suggest that young children with ASD should be evaluated for ADHD, and mental health as a whole. LAY SUMMARY: We investigated attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in toddlers and preschoolers with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) from a large sample with diverse race and socioeconomic background. In our study, we found that ADHD symptoms are highly prevalent in young children with ASD and are associated with increasing parenting stress and greater level of other psychopathologies, both internalizing and externalizing problems.']"34816465,The adverse association between stimulant use for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and semen parameters.,"['amphetamine', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'fertility', 'methylphenidate', 'semen quality']","['Minh N Pham', 'Matthew T Hudnall', 'Richard J Fantus', 'Jeremy D Lai', 'Siddhant S Ambulkar', 'James M Wren', 'Nelson E Bennett', 'Gregory B Auffenberg', 'David I Chu', 'Robert E Brannigan', 'Joshua A Halpern']","[""This study examined the relationship between stimulant medications used for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and semen parameters. We performed a retrospective cohort study at a large, academic institution between 2002 and 2020. We included men with a semen analysis without prior spermatotoxic medication use, empiric medical therapy exposure or confounding medical diagnoses (varicocele, Klinefelter's syndrome, cryptorchidism, cystic fibrosis, diabetes, cancer or cancer-related treatment, and azoospermia). Men were stratified by stimulant exposure (methylphenidate or amphetamines). A multivariable linear regression was fit to assess the association between individual semen parameters, age, stimulant exposure and non-stimulant medication use. Of 8,861\xa0men identified, 106\xa0men had active prescriptions for stimulants within 90\xa0days prior to semen testing. After controlling for age and exposure to non-stimulant medications, stimulant use was associated with decreased total motile sperm count (β: -18.00\xa0mil/ejaculate and standard error: 8.44, p\xa0=\xa00.033) in the setting of decreased semen volume (β: -0.35\xa0ml, and standard error: 0.16, p\xa0=\xa00.035), but not sperm concentration, motility and morphology. These findings suggest a role for reproductive physicians and mental health providers to consider counselling men on the potential negative impact of stimulants prescribed for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder on semen volume during fertility planning.""]"35987096,Treatments for child and adolescent attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in low and middle-income countries: A narrative review.,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Child and adolescent ADHD', 'LMIC', 'Low and middle income countries', 'Treatments']","['Amy Pipe', 'Nisha Ravindran', 'Angela Paric', 'Beth Patterson', 'Michael Van Ameringen', 'Arun V Ravindran']","[StringElement('Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder that affects approximately 2-7 % of children globally and is associated with a myriad of difficulties that have long-term consequences. Most children and adolescents live in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs), but there are few reports and no consolidation of findings on ADHD treatment outcomes in this population. We conducted a review of ADHD treatment literature for children and adolescents living in LMICs.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Studies were identified using databases (PsychoINFO, Pubmed, MEDLINER, EMBASE, Global Health, Academic Search Complete, Google Scholar). The initial search produced 139 articles. These were filtered for language, title, abstract, and full-text keyword identification to yield a final 20 articles to be included in this review.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Reports on outcomes of both psychological and pharmacological treatment were relatively sparse, particularly the former, which mostly referred to parent training and multimodal programs in pre-school children. Most evidence exists for the benefit of methylphenidate-IR with a few reports on other agents, including clonidine, atomoxetine, and lisdexamfetamine. Methylphenidate is the most common agent to treat ADHD in youth in LMICs. Younger age, combined subtype, and comorbid oppositional defiant disorder were associated with poorer treatment outcome.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Access to treatment for ADHD is overall limited in LMICs and varied among individual countries. Pharmacological treatments were generally more available than psychological interventions. Several barriers including stigma, cost, and lack of resources were reported to impact treatment acceptance. More research in LMICs is needed to improve and expand mental health services in these regions.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30124182,University students with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): a literature review.,"['ADD', 'ADHD', 'Academic functioning', 'college students', 'educational outcomes', 'higher education', 'university students']",['J A Sedgwick'],"[StringElement('To review existing literature about university students with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('A framework for scoping studies and content analysis were used to source and review selected publications from PubMed, ScienceDirect, Google Scholar and relevant bibliographies.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Seventy-four publications were reviewed and key findings were categorised under six core themes that represent the issues germane to university students with ADHD. These themes are: academic, social and psychological functioning, giftedness, new media technologies, treatment, substance misuse and the non-medical use of prescription stimulants, and malingering.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In Ireland and the United Kingdom (UK) young people with ADHD are unlikely to enrol into further education, and of those who do go to university, few will graduate at the same time as their non-ADHD peers. ADHD is associated with poor educational outcomes and it may be a hidden disability within institutions of higher education (e.g. universities). Surprisingly, in this topic area, there is a paucity of research in Ireland and the UK. Most studies originate from North America were research activity in the field has been ongoing since the 1990s. These studies however, tend to use relatively small samples of college (university) students recruited at a single institution. It is difficult to generalise the findings of these studies to student populations in North America, let alone in Ireland and the UK. At the very least, these North American studies provide insights into key areas of concern. This topic area straddles education and psychiatry. This means an inter-disciplinary approach is required to examine, better understand and address the impact of ADHD on the educational outcomes of university students. The philosophies of difference, equity and self-realisation can offer a conceptual framework for conducting further research and/or developing services to deliver more personalised learning support for university students with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34280772,"Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) among elementary students in rural China: Prevalence, correlates, and consequences.","['ADHD', 'Academic performance', 'Prevalence', 'Risk factors', 'Rural China', 'School-age children']","['Xiaodong Pang', 'Huan Wang', 'Sarah-Eve Dill', 'Matthew Boswell', 'Xiaopeng Pang', 'Manpreet Singh', 'Scott Rozelle']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a widely recognized mental health problem in developed countries but remains under-investigated in developing settings. This study examines the prevalence, correlates, and consequences of ADHD symptoms among elementary school students in rural China.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Cross-sectional data were collected from 6,719 students across 120 rural primary schools in China on ADHD symptoms, demographic characteristics, and academic performance in reading and math. ADHD symptoms were evaluated using the caregiver-reported ADHD Rating Scale-IV.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The prevalence of ADHD symptoms was 7.5% in our sample. Male students, students in lower grade levels, and students with lower cognitive ability showed a significantly higher prevalence of ADHD symptoms (ORs\xa0=\xa02.56, 2.06, and 1.84, respectively; p<0.05). Left-behind children showed a significantly lower prevalence of ADHD symptoms than did children who were living with their parents (OR\xa0=\xa00.74, p < 0.05). Adjusted regressions show that students with ADHD symptoms scored 0.12 standardized deviations lower in reading (p < 0.05) and 0.19 standardized deviations lower in math (p < 0.01).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The ADHD Rating Scale-IV is a screening scale rather than a diagnostic test. Caregiver self-report measures also may underestimate ADHD symptoms for our sample.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('ADHD is a common disorder among rural students in China and appears to be contributing to poor academic outcomes. The higher prevalence of ADHD among students with low cognitive ability also suggests that many rural children in China face multifactorial learning challenges. Taken together, the findings indicate a need for educators and policymakers in rural China to develop programs to reduce risk and support students with ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29550511,Early life exposure to air pollution particulate matter (PM) as risk factor for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): Need for novel strategies for mechanisms and causalities.,"['Brain organoids', 'Chicken embryo model', 'Developmental neurotoxicity', 'Human induced pluripotent stem cells', 'In silico', 'Physiologically-based pharmaco kinetic (PBPK)']","['Oddvar Myhre', 'Marit Låg', 'Gro D Villanger', 'Bente Oftedal', 'Johan Øvrevik', 'Jørn A Holme', 'Heidi Aase', 'Ragnhild E Paulsen', 'Anna Bal-Price', 'Hubert Dirven']","['Epidemiological studies have demonstrated that air pollution particulate matter (PM) and adsorbed toxicants (organic compounds and trace metals) may affect child development already in utero. Recent studies have also indicated that PM may be a risk factor for neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs). A pattern of increasing prevalence of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been suggested to partly be linked to environmental pollutants exposure, including PM. Epidemiological studies suggest associations between pre- or postnatal exposure to air pollution components and ADHD symptoms. However, many studies are cross-sectional without possibility to reveal causality. Cohort studies are often small with poor exposure characterization, and confounded by traffic noise and socioeconomic factors, possibly overestimating the study associations. Furthermore, the mechanistic knowledge how exposure to PM during early brain development may contribute to increased risk of ADHD symptoms or cognitive deficits is limited. The closure of this knowledge gap requires the combined use of well-designed longitudinal cohort studies, supported by mechanistic in vitro studies. As ADHD has profound consequences for the children affected and their families, the identification of preventable risk factors such as air pollution exposure should be of high priority.']"31853987,Pupil dilation during visuospatial orienting differentiates between autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention', 'LC-NE system', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'pupil dilation']","['Sara Boxhoorn', 'Nico Bast', 'Hans Supèr', 'Leonie Polzer', 'Hannah Cholemkery', 'Christine M Freitag']","[StringElement(""Previous research demonstrated atypical attention in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Regarding visual orienting, findings suggest a differential impairment: Atypical orienting to relatively unexpected targets in ASD, and atypical processing of alerting cues in ADHD. The locus coeruleus-norepinephrine (LC-NE) system plays an important role in exploiting alerting cues to increase attention and task performance. The present study's aim was to examine differential subcortical processes underlying visual orienting in ASD and ADHD with pupil dilation (PD) as index of LC activity."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Pupil dilation (PD) progression metrics during visual orienting were calculated for task-evoked PD locked to cue, stimulus onset, and behavioral response. Group differences in PD and reaction time (RT) were compared between children with ASD\xa0without ADHD (ASD-) (N\xa0=\xa018), ADHD\xa0without ASD (ADHD-) (N\xa0=\xa028), both disorders\xa0(ASD\xa0+\xa0ADHD) (N\xa0=\xa014), and typically developing children\xa0(TD) (N\xa0=\xa031) using linear mixed models (LMM). To further explore the modulatory role of the LC-NE system group differences in the\xa0effect of task-evoked PD metrics on RT were examined exploratively.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ASD (+ADHD) showed slower orienting responses to relatively unexpected spatial target stimuli as compared to TD, which was accompanied by higher PD amplitudes relative to ADHD- and TD. In ADHD-, shorter cue-evoked PD latencies relative to ASD-, ASD\xa0+\xa0ADHD, and TD were found. Group differences in the effect of cue- and stimulus-evoked PD amplitudes on RT were found in ASD- relative to TD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Study findings provide new evidence for a specific role of the LC-NE system in impaired reflexive orienting responses in ASD, and atypical visual processing of alerting cues in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35256746,Global DNA methylation changes in adults with attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder and its comorbidity with bipolar disorder: links with polygenic scores.,[],"['Diana Müller', 'Eugenio H Grevet', 'Natasha A Figueira da Silva', 'Cibele E Bandeira', 'Eduardo Barbosa', 'Eduardo S Vitola', 'Mariele F Charão', 'Rafael Linden', 'Luis A Rohde', 'João K N Ramos', 'Bruna S da Silva', 'Diego L Rovaris', 'Claiton H D Bau']","[""Genetic and environmental factors contribute to the etiology of Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). In this sense, the study of epigenetic mechanisms could contribute to the understanding of the disorder's neurobiology. Global DNA methylation (GMe) evaluated through 5-methylcytosine levels could be a promising epigenetic biomarker to capture long-lasting biological effects in response to environmental and hormonal changes. We conducted the first assessment of GMe levels in subjects with ADHD (n\u2009=\u2009394) and its main comorbidities in comparison to populational controls (n\u2009=\u2009390). Furthermore, given the high genetic contribution to ADHD (heritability of 80%), polygenic risk scores (PRS) were calculated to verify the genetic contribution to GMe levels in ADHD and the comorbidities associated with GMe levels. The GMe levels observed in patients were lower than controls (P\u2009=\u20091.1e-8), with women being significantly less globally methylated than men (P\u2009=\u20090.002). Regarding comorbidities, the presence of bipolar disorder (BD) among patients with ADHD was associated with higher methylation levels compared to patients with ADHD without BD (P\u2009=\u20090.031). The results did not change when pharmacological treatment was accounted for in the analyses. The ADHD and BD most predictive PRSs were negatively (P\u2009=\u20090.0064) and positively (P\u2009=\u20090.0042) correlated with GMe, respectively. This study is the first to report an association between GMe, ADHD, and its comorbidity with BD and associations between PRSs for specific psychiatric disorders and GMe. Our findings add to previous evidence that GMe may be a relevant piece in the psychiatric disorders' etiological landscape.""]"34785312,Manual dexterity and strength and in young adults with and without Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Bimanual coordination', 'Hand strength', 'Manual dexterity', 'Pegboard']","['Alexandra C Fietsam', 'Jacqueline R Tucker', 'Manjeshwar Sahana Kamath', 'Cynthia Huang-Pollock', 'Zheng Wang', 'Kristina A Neely']","['Manual motor deficits are common in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD); however, it is unclear whether these impairments persist into adulthood. The aim of this study was to examine manual dexterity and strength in young adults with ADHD aged 18-25 years. Sixty-one individuals with confirmed ADHD and 56 adults without ADHD completed Purdue Pegboard tasks for manual dexterity and maximal hand- and pinch-grip tests for strength. In the Purdue Pegboard task, participants placed pins using the right, left, and both-hands, respectively. In addition, participants built assemblies using pins, washers, and collars with alternating hand movements. The results demonstrated that women without ADHD out-performed the other three groups in the right-hand, bimanual, and assembly PPB tasks. Both maximal hand strength tests demonstrated that men were stronger than women, but no differences were observed between adults with and without ADHD. The current findings suggest that adults with ADHD may have deficits in manual dexterity and tasks requiring bimanual coordination.']"35917527,Children's Relative Age and Medicine Treatment for Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Across Australian Jurisdictions with Different School Enrolment Policies.,"['CNS stimulants', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'child health', 'relative age']","['Claudia Bruno', 'Alys Havard', 'Mark Hanly', 'Kathleen Falster', 'Natasha Nassar', 'Ben Edwards', 'Adam J Guastella', 'Sallie-Anne Pearson', 'Helga Zoega']","[""<b><i>Background:</i></b> Children who are relatively young for their school grade are more likely to receive treatment for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is unclear whether the phenomenon also exists across Australia or is impacted by the school enrolment policy in place. <b><i>Objective:</i></b> We evaluated the association between children's relative age and initiation of ADHD medicines across Australian jurisdictions with different school enrolment policies and rates of delayed school entry. <b><i>Methods:</i></b> We used Australia-wide dispensing data for a 15% random sample of children 4-9 years of age in 2013-2017 to create a nationwide cohort. Due to high rates of delayed school entry in New South Wales (NSW), we used linked prescribing and education data for a cohort of NSW residents starting school in 2009 and 2012. We estimated incidence rate ratios (IRRs) for ADHD medicine across children's birth month, sex, and jurisdiction. We used asthma medicines as a negative control. <b><i>Results:</i></b> For girls, we observed a relative age effect in three out of five jurisdictions, with an IRR ranging from 1.3 to 2.8, comparing the youngest versus oldest birth month thirds. We observed more modest effects among boys, ranging from null to 1.5-fold. In NSW, the relatively youngest boys were less likely to initiate stimulant medicines than the oldest (IRR\u2009=\u20090.5, 95% confidence interval 0.29-0.78). We did not observe a relative age effect for initiation of asthma medicines. <b><i>Conclusions:</i></b> In jurisdictions with low rates of delayed entry, relatively young children were more likely to initiate ADHD medicines than their older classmates. We observed the inverse association in NSW where delayed entry was highest, likely reflecting the characteristics and needs of children who delay school entry for 1 year and become the oldest children in the grade. Increased awareness around children's maturity differences and school readiness may enhance appropriate diagnosis and treatment of ADHD.""]"32090742,"Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms and suicidality in children: The mediating role of depression, irritability and anxiety symptoms.","['Anxiety', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Depression', 'Irritability', 'Suicide']","['Tomer Levy', 'Sefi Kronenberg', 'Jennifer Crosbie', 'Russell James Schachar']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with increased suicidality risk. Yet, potential mechanisms transmitting the effect of ADHD to suicidality remain unclear. We investigated whether depression, irritability and anxiety symptoms mediate between ADHD symptoms and suicidality.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('ADHD, depression, irritability and anxiety symptoms as well as suicidality (composited of suicidal ideation, attempts or self-harm) were measured in an outpatient clinic for ADHD (N\xa0=\xa01,516, 6-17 years old, 61.1% diagnosed with ADHD) using parent and teacher questionnaires. Multiple mediator models adjusted for age, sex and psychosocial adversities were constructed separately for parent- and teacher-report.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Parents reported higher rates of suicidality than did teachers (12.1% and 3.8%, p\xa0<\xa0.001). Suicidality was associated with parent (OR\xa0=\xa01.10, 95%CI: 1.07-1.14) and teacher (OR\xa0=\xa01.08, 95%CI: 1.03-1.15) reported ADHD symptoms. The association between ADHD symptoms and suicidality was mediated by both parent- and teacher-reported depression (39.1% and 45.3% of total effect, respectively) and irritability symptoms (36.8% and 38.4% of total effect, respectively). Anxiety symptoms mediated between ADHD and suicidality for parent- but not teacher-report (19.0% of total effect). No direct effect of ADHD symptoms was found once depression, irritability and anxiety were controlled.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The cross-sectional design limits the ability to determine causal order between mediators and outcome.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('Our results confirmed the association between ADHD symptoms and suicidality. However, this association was indirect and fully mediated by symptoms of depression, irritability and anxiety. Assessing these symptoms may enable an estimate of suicidality and help managing suicidal risk in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31533711,Waiting times for diagnosis of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in children and adolescents referred to Italian ADHD centers must be reduced.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Children', 'Epidemiology', 'Health service', 'Italy', 'Waiting time']","['Maurizio Bonati', 'Massimo Cartabia', 'Michele Zanetti']","[StringElement('To investigate timely access to and the time needed to complete the diagnostic path of children and adolescents with suspected attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in the 18 Italian Lombardy Region ADHD reference centers.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Data of children and adolescents enrolled in the Regional ADHD disease-oriented Registry for suspected ADHD who requested their first visit in 2013-2017 were analyzed.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The sample comprised 2262 children and adolescents aged 5-17\u2009years who accessed the ADHD centers for diagnostic classification and management. The median waiting time was of 177\u2009days (range 66-375) from the request for the initial appointment to the completion of the diagnostic path, with a three - fold difference between centers. In addition to the center, the strongest significant predictors of long waiting times were age comorbidities, the severity of the disorder, and having already completed some diagnostic procedures provided by the common standard path.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('To guarantee an equal standard of care in ADHD centers for all children and adolescents there is a pressing need to reduce the times to complete the diagnostic path. It is the task of both policymakers and each center to optimize the quality of the service and of the care delivered.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32128665,High Levels of Glycosaminoglycans in the Urines of Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Carbohydrates', 'Chromatography', 'Glycosaminoglycans', 'Metabolic']","['Ildikó Endreffy', 'Geir Bjørklund', 'Mauricio A Urbina', 'Salvatore Chirumbolo', 'Monica Daniela Doşa', 'Ferenc Dicső']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common neurobehavioral/neurodevelopmental disorder. Some early studies indicated that increased intake of added sugars might have a role in ADHD. In the present study, we tested this possibility by evaluating the urinary excretion of oligosaccharides and glycosaminoglycans (GAGs) in ADHD and control subjects. Forty ADHD subjects matched with 34 controls were enrolled in the study. The subjects underwent a standardized dietary regimen. The urine levels of oligosaccharides and GAGs were quantified biochemically, and their covariance and association were evaluated statistically. Fructose (21/40, 52.5%), maltose (26/40, 65%), galactose (30/40, 75%), and lactose (38/40, 95%) excretions were frequently found in the urine of ADHD subjects (p\u2009<\u20090.05), an excretion which does not occur normally. Furthermore, these subjects showed a pathologic tGAG (glycosaminoglycan) excretion (40/40, 100%). The present study supports\xa0the thesis that carbohydrate metabolism differs in ADHD subjects compared with control subjects.']"32974643,Brain iron concentrations in the pathophysiology of children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review.,"['attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'brain iron', 'children', 'iron status', 'serum ferritin', 'serum iron']","['Alexia Degremont', 'Rishika Jain', 'Elena Philippou', 'Gladys Oluyemisi Latunde-Dada']","[StringElement('Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurological disorder associated with iron dysregulation in children. Although previous focus was on examining systemic iron status, brain iron content may be a more reliable biomarker of the disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'CONTEXT'}), StringElement('This systematic review examines whether children with ADHD have lower serum as well as brain iron concentrations, compared with healthy control subjects (HCS).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A systematic literature search was conducted in Medline via PubMed, the Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Embase. and Ovid for papers published between 2000 and June 7, 2019.', attributes={'Label': 'DATA SOURCES'}), StringElement('Studies were included if the mean difference of iron concentration, measured as serum iron, serum ferritin, or brain iron, between children with ADHD and HCS was an outcome measure.', attributes={'Label': 'DATA EXTRACTION'}), StringElement('Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines were followed. Risks of bias within and between studies were assessed using the quality assessment tools of the National Institutes of Health. Of 599 records screened, 20 case-control studies met the inclusion criteria. In 10 of 18 studies in which serum ferritin concentration was assessed, and 2 of 10 studies that assessed serum iron, a significant difference between children with ADHD and HCS was observed. Results of systemic iron levels were inconsistent. In 3\xa0studies in which brain iron concentration was assessed, a statistically significant, lower thalamic iron concentration was found in children with ADHD than in HCS.', attributes={'Label': 'DATA ANALYSIS'}), StringElement('The evidence, though limited, reveals that brain iron rather than systemic iron levels may be more associated with the pathophysiology of ADHD in children. Larger, longitudinal, magnetic resonance imaging studies are needed to examine any correlations of iron deficiency in specific brain regions and symptoms of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"32285644,Validity and accuracy of the Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Self-Report Scale (ASRS) and the Wender Utah Rating Scale (WURS) symptom checklists in discriminating between adults with and without ADHD.,"['adult', 'attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'checklist', 'psychometrics']","['Erlend Joramo Brevik', 'Astri J Lundervold', 'Jan Haavik', 'Maj-Britt Posserud']","[StringElement('To validate the Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS) and the Wender Utah Rating Scale (WURS) in a well-characterized sample of adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) patients and population controls.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Both the ASRS and the WURS were administered to clinically diagnosed adult ADHD patients (n\xa0=\xa0646) and to population controls (n\xa0=\xa0908). We performed principal component analyses (PCA) and calculated receiver operating curves (ROC) including area under the curve (AUC) for the full WURS and ASRS, as well as for the PCA generated factors and the ASRS short screener.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We found an AUC of 0.956 (95% CI: 0.946-0.965) for the WURS, and 0.904 (95% CI: 0.888-0.921) for the ASRS. The ASRS short screener had an AUC of 0.903 (95%CI: 0.886-0.920). Combining the two full scales gave an AUC of 0.964 (95% CI: 0.955-0.973). We replicated the two-factor structure of the ASRS and found a three-factor model for the WURS.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The WURS and the ASRS both have high diagnostic accuracy. The short ASRS screener performed equally well as the full ASRS, whereas the WURS had the best discriminatory properties. The increased diagnostic accuracy may be due to the wider symptom range of the WURS and/or the retrospective childhood frame of symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33115496,Biomarker discovery in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: RNA sequencing of whole blood in discordant twin and case-controlled cohorts.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'GIT1', 'Galactose', 'RNA sequencing', 'Transcriptome', 'Twins']","['Timothy A McCaffrey', 'Georges St Laurent', 'Dmitry Shtokalo', 'Denis Antonets', 'Yuri Vyatkin', 'Daniel Jones', 'Eleanor Battison', 'Joel T Nigg']","[StringElement('A variety of DNA-based methods have been applied to identify genetic markers of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but the connection to RNA-based gene expression has not been fully exploited.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Using well defined cohorts of discordant, monozygotic twins from the Michigan State University Twin Registry, and case-controlled ADHD cases in adolescents, the present studies utilized advanced single molecule RNA sequencing to identify expressed changes in whole blood RNA in ADHD. Multiple analytical strategies were employed to narrow differentially expressed RNA targets to a small set of potential biomarkers of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('RNA markers common to both the discordant twin study and case-controlled subjects further narrowed the putative targets, some of which had been previously associated with ADHD at the DNA level. The potential role of several differentially expressed genes, including ABCB5, RGS2, GAK, GIT1 and 3 members of the galactose metabolism pathway (GALE, GALT, GALK1) are substantiated by prior associations to ADHD and by established mechanistic connections to molecular pathways relevant to ADHD and behavioral control.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The convergence of DNA, RNA, and metabolic data suggests these may be promising targets for diagnostics and therapeutics in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31074587,Effects of the Co-occurrence of Anxiety and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder on Intrinsic Functional Network Centrality among Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'anxiety', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'functional degree centrality']","['Bin Wan', 'Zengjian Wang', 'Minyoung Jung', 'Yanchun Lu', 'Haoqiang He', 'Qi Chen', 'Yu Jin']","['Children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) present with a high co-occurrence of anxiety and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, it remains unclear how the co-occurrence of anxiety and ADHD in children with ASD alters whole-brain functional networks. Here, we aimed to examine anxiety- and ADHD-related brain network centrality in children with ASD separately and their relationships with ASD symptoms. Clinical anxiety and ADHD levels in children with ASD, aged 6-13\u2009years old, were assessed. Participants were categorized into four groups: ASD only (n = 28), ASD\u2009+\u2009anxiety (n = 19), ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD (n = 25), and ASD\u2009+\u2009both anxiety and ADHD (n = 28). Subsequently, we compared voxel-wise network degree centrality (DC) among the four groups. We found that: (a) compared with ASD only, children with ASD\u2009+\u2009anxiety showed higher DC in the left middle temporal gyrus, right lingual gyrus, and left cuneus, and lower DC in the right precuneus; (b) children with ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD presented higher DC in the right calcarine and left superior frontal gyrus (SFG) compared with ASD only; (c) children with ASD\u2009+\u2009both displayed higher DC in the right calcarine and lower centrality in the right middle occipital gyrus compared with ASD only; and (d) across all children with ASD, there was a positive correlation between DC of the right calcarine with nonverbal behavior scores, and DC of the left SFG was negatively correlated with social scores. Our findings suggest that the right calcarine, left SFG, and default mode network nodes play important roles in the co-occurrence of anxiety and ADHD among children with ASD. Autism Res 2019, 12: 1057-1068. © 2019 International Society for Autism Research, Wiley Periodicals, Inc. LAY SUMMARY: The co-occurrence of anxiety and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been shown to influence the brain function of children with ASD. In order to gain a better understanding of this, the present study compared degree centrality, the amount of effective brain functional connectivity that reflects the characteristics of brain networks, among four groups: ASD only, ASD\u2009+\u2009anxiety, ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD, and ASD\u2009+\u2009both anxiety and ADHD. We found that some areas located in the language processing network and primary visual cortex were associated with the co-occurrence of ADHD, and some other areas located in the default mode network were associated with the co-occurrence of both anxiety and ADHD. These findings provide more knowledge about the neural basis underlying behavioral changes related to the co-occurrence of anxiety and ADHD in children with ASD.']"34228219,The impact of preschool child and maternal attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms on mothers' perceived chronic stress and hair cortisol.,"['ADHD', 'Chronic stress', 'Hair cortisol']","['Anna Szép', 'Nadine Skoluda', 'Susan Schloß', 'Katja Becker', 'Ursula Pauli-Pott', 'Urs M Nater']","[""Providing care for a child with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with parenting stress. Moreover, adults with elevated ADHD symptoms report increased perceived stress. Despite this, it has rarely been examined whether and how child and maternal ADHD symptoms may affect maternal perceived stress and the stress-sensitive hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis. This study therefore investigated the possible impact of child and maternal ADHD symptoms on mothers' perceived chronic stress and hair cortisol concentration (HCC), while simultaneously considering the effects of child oppositional defiant/conduct disorder (ODD/CD) and maternal depressive symptomatology. In total, 124 mothers (35.96\u2009±\u20095.21\xa0years) of preschool children were included. Maternal perceived stress, ADHD and depressive symptoms were assessed using self-report measures. Child ADHD symptoms were assessed using an interview and questionnaires completed by mothers and teachers. Additionally, mothers provided information about their children's ODD/CD symptoms. Hair samples were taken from mothers to assess HCC. Child and maternal ADHD, child ODD/CD, and maternal depressive symptoms accounted for 50% of the variance in perceived chronic stress (F(4, 119)\u2009=\u200930.24; p\u2009<\u20090.01), with only maternal ADHD (β\u2009=\u20090.52, p\u2009<\u20090.01) and depressive symptoms (β\u2009=\u20090.49, p\u2009<\u20090.01) being uniquely significant. Maternal ADHD symptoms did not moderate the relationship between child ADHD symptoms and maternal perceived chronic stress (b\u2009=\u2009-\u20090.01; SE b\u2009=\u20090.17; t(5, 118)\u2009=\u2009-\u20090.05; p\u2009=\u20090.96). Mother's age became the only significant predictor of maternal HCC (β\u2009=\u20090.29; p\u2009<\u20090.01). Based on these findings, practitioners are advised to be aware of and take into account possible maternal ADHD and depressive symptomatology and perceived chronic stress when treating children diagnosed with ADHD.""]"32220152,Types of Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Replication Analysis.,[],"['Frederick W Reimherr', 'Michael Roesler', 'Barrie K Marchant', 'Thomas E Gift', 'Wolfgang Retz', 'Florence Philipp-Wiegmann', 'Matthew L Reimherr']","[StringElement('Research supports the importance of emotional symptoms in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), which are not reflected in the DSM-5 or ICD-10 criteria. The Wender-Reimherr Adult Attention Deficit Disorder Scale (WRAADDS) assesses these symptoms, plus inattention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity. This scale allowed us to divide adult ADHD into 2 subtypes in a 2015 publication: ADHD inattentive presentation and ADHD emotional dysregulation presentation. The present study refines this observation using a larger, more diverse sample.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Eight double-blind adult ADHD clinical trials (encompassing 1,490 subjects) were selected because they included assessment with the WRAADDS; a second, alternative ADHD measure; and the Clinical Global Impressions-Severity of Illness scale (CGI-S). These data were subjected to confirmatory factor analyses, and ADHD presentations were compared, including treatment response.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The original factor structure fit poorly with these new data. However, an alternative 2-factor solution fit both the original and the new subjects. ADHD inattentive presentation (n = 774) was defined by the inattention factor, and ADHD emotional dysregulation presentation (n = 620) was defined by additional elevation of the emotional dysregulation factor. The proportion of ADHD emotional dysregulation presentation ranged from 25% to 73% across the 8 studies. The emotional dysregulation presentation was associated with both a greater severity as measured by the CGI-S (P < .001) and more manifestations of childhood ADHD as measured by the Wender Utah Rating Scale (P < .001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Factor analytic results supported the validity of 2 adult ADHD presentations based on levels of emotional dysregulation. This system offers a more clinically relevant approach to the diagnosis of ADHD in adults than does the DSM system.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"24703785,[Is emotional dysregulation a component of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)?].,"['Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)', 'Dysrégulation émotionnelle', 'Emotional dysregulation', 'Emotional lability', 'Heterogeneity', 'Hétérogénéité', 'Labilité émotionnelle', 'Trouble déficit d’attention/hyperactivité']","['T Villemonteix', 'D Purper-Ouakil', 'L Romo']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most common neurodevelopmental disorder in children and adolescents. It is characterized by age-inappropriate inattention/impulsiveness and/or hyperactivity symptoms. ADHD shows a high comorbidity with oppositional defiant disorder (ODD), a disorder that features symptoms of emotional lability. Due to this comorbidity, emotional lability was long considered a secondary consequence of ADHD, which could arise under the influence of environmental factors such as inefficient parenting practices, as part of an ODD diagnosis. In this model of heterotypic continuity, emotional lability was considered not to play any causal role regarding ADHD symptomatology.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('As opposed to this view, it is now well established that a large number of children with ADHD and without any comorbid disorder exhibit symptoms of emotional lability. Furthermore, recent studies have found that negative emotionality accounts for significant unique variance in ADHD symptom severity, along with motor-perceptual and executive function deficits. Barkley proposed that ADHD is characterized by deficits of executive functions, and that a deficiency in the executive control of emotions is a necessary component of ADHD. According to this theory, the extent to which an individual with ADHD displays a deficiency in behavioral inhibition is the extent to which he or she will automatically display an equivalent degree of deficiency in emotional inhibition. However, not all children with ADHD exhibit symptoms of emotional lability, and studies have found that the association between emotional lability and ADHD was not mediated by executive function or motivational deficits. Task-based and resting state neuroimaging studies have disclosed an altered effective connectivity between regions dedicated to emotional regulation in children with ADHD when compared to typically developing children, notably between the amygdala, the prefrontal cortex, the hippocampus and the ventral striatum. Morphological alterations of the amygdala have also been reported in previous structural studies in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'LITERATURE FINDINGS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Emotional lability can result from different neurobiological mechanisms. In particular, bottom-up and top-down processes can be opposed. Bottom-up related emotional dysregulation involves an increased emotional reactivity, and is thought to be linked to the automatic evaluative activity of the amygdala. Top-down mechanisms are associated with the regulation of such activity, and rely on a prefrontal network including the lateral prefrontal cortex, the anterior cingulate cortex and the orbitofrontal cortex. Since various neuropsychological impairments and alterations in multiple brain networks have been implicated in the etiology of ADHD, contemporary models emphasize its neuropsychological heterogeneity. It is therefore likely that some but not all children with ADHD will exhibit neurobiological alterations in circuits dedicated to emotional regulation, possibly at different levels. Future research will have to identify the different causal pathways and to decide whether emotional lability represents a criterion to subtype ADHD diagnoses.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('Emotional dysregulation is now known to play a causal role regarding ADHD symptomatology. Along with executive functioning, reaction time variability and potentially delay aversion, emotional dysregulation should therefore be included in future theoretical models of ADHD, as well as in clinical practice when identifying the major impairments in this diagnostic group and when deciding therapeutic strategies.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35485452,Identification of factors associated with the efficacy of atomoxetine in adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['adrenergic uptake inhibitors', 'atomoxetine hydrochloride', 'attention-deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'cohort studies', 'multivariate analysis']","['Tsutomu Nagai', 'Tatsuya Kurihara', 'Hiroaki Koya', 'Yukako Nakano', 'Satoru Sugisawa', 'Takehiko Sambe', 'Keiko Kishimoto', 'Mari Kogo', 'Haruhisa Ota', 'Akira Iwanami', 'Naoki Uchida']","[StringElement('Atomoxetine (ATX) is a non-central stimulant and a standard treatment for adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The long-term efficacy of Atomoxetine is about 40% at 6\u2009months. The variability in efficacy between individuals is thought to be related to patient-specific factors, but no detailed research has been conducted. In this retrospective cohort study, we aimed to identify the factors associated with Atomoxetine efficacy.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A total of 147 patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder aged ≥18\u2009years who were using Atomoxetine for the first time were included in this study. The outcome was treatment success (treatment maintained for at least 6\u2009months and improvement in symptoms). Symptom assessment was based on the overall improvement in symptoms judged by an expert physician.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of the patient sample, 103 (70.1%) achieved the outcome. Logistic regression analysis identified ""the maximum dose of ATX"" and ""gambling habit"" as factors associated with efficacy ( P \xa0<\u20090.05). In the process of Atomoxetine titration, the larger the maximum dose, the higher the efficacy was shown to be. Gambling habits may be indicative of impulsivity, which is among the core symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Thus, a gambling habit may be considered a surrogate marker for impulsivity.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Knowledge of these factors will help healthcare professionals to predict the likely efficacy of Atomoxetine in a given patient before subscribing it, facilitating individualized pharmacotherapy for adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29614390,Can neuropsychological testing facilitate differential diagnosis between at-risk mental state (ARMS) for psychosis and adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)?,"['ADHD', 'ARMS', 'Differential diagnosis', 'Neurocognition', 'Psychosis']","['Erich Studerus', 'Salvatore Corbisiero', 'Nadine Mazzariello', 'Sarah Ittig', 'Letizia Leanza', 'Laura Egloff', 'Katharina Beck', 'Ulrike Heitz', 'Christina Andreou', 'Rolf-Dieter Stieglitz', 'Anita Riecher-Rössler']","[StringElement('Patients with an at-risk mental state (ARMS) for psychosis and patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have many overlapping signs and symptoms and hence can be difficult to differentiate clinically. The aim of this study was to investigate whether the differential diagnosis between ARMS and adult ADHD could be improved by neuropsychological testing.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('168 ARMS patients, 123 adult ADHD patients and 109 healthy controls (HC) were recruited via specialized clinics of the University of Basel Psychiatric Hospital. Sustained attention and impulsivity were tested with the Continuous Performance Test, verbal learning and memory with the California Verbal Learning Test, and problem solving abilities with the Tower of Hanoi Task. Group differences in neuropsychological performance were analyzed using generalized linear models. Furthermore, to investigate whether adult ADHD and ARMS can be correctly classified based on the pattern of cognitive deficits, machine learning (i.e. random forests) was applied.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Compared to HC, both patient groups showed deficits in attention and impulsivity and verbal learning and memory. However, in adult ADHD patients the deficits were comparatively larger. Accordingly, a machine learning model predicted group membership based on the individual neurocognitive performance profile with good accuracy (AUC\u202f=\u202f0.82).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our results are in line with current meta-analyses reporting that impairments in the domains of attention and verbal learning are of medium effect size in adult ADHD and of small effect size in ARMS patients and suggest that measures of these domains can be exploited to improve the differential diagnosis between adult ADHD and ARMS patients.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34717072,Neuroinflammation as a possible link between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and pain.,"['ADHD', 'Central sensitization', 'Neuroinflammation', 'Pathological pain', 'Psychiatric disorders']","['Nóra Kerekes', 'Ana Maria Sanchéz-Pérez', 'Marc Landry']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and pathological pain are two complex syndromes of multifactorial origin. Despite their prevalence and broad impacts, these conditions are seldom recognized and managed simultaneously. The co-existence of neuropsychiatric conditions (such as ADHD) and altered pain perception and chronic pain has been noted in children, and the comorbidity of ADHD and chronic pain is well documented in adults. Pathophysiological studies have suggested dysfunction of the dopaminergic system as a common neurochemical basis for comorbid ADHD and pain. Considerable evidence supports the role of neuroinflammation in the pathophysiology of both. We suggest that central neuroinflammation underlies altered pain perception and pain sensitization in persons with ADHD. Based on our hypothesis, targeting neuroinflammation may serve as a potential new therapeutic intervention to treat ADHD and comorbid pain in children and adolescents and a preventive strategy for the development of chronic pain in adults with ADHD.']"34267309,Exposome of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in Taiwanese children: exploring risks of endocrine-disrupting chemicals.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Endocrine-disrupting chemicals', 'Oxidative stress', 'Weighted quantiles sum regression']","['Alexander Waits', 'Chia-Huang Chang', 'Ching-Jung Yu', 'Jung-Chieh Du', 'Hsien-Chih Chiou', 'Jia-Woei Hou', 'Winnie Yang', 'Hsin-Chang Chen', 'Ying-Sheue Chen', 'Betau Hwang', 'Mei-Lien Chen']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is diagnosed in ~7% of school-aged children. The role of endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDC) and oxidative stress in ADHD etiology are not clear.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Assessment of the associations between simultaneous exposure to multiple compounds and ADHD in children.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The case-control study included 76 clinically diagnosed ADHD cases and 98 controls, aged 4-15 years old. Concentrations quartiles of urinary metabolites of acrylamide, acrolein, nonylphenol, phthalates, and organophosphate pesticides and biomarkers of oxidative stress were used to fit logistic regressions for each compound and weighted quantiles sum (WQS) regression for the mixture.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Positive dose-response relationships with ADHD were observed for 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal-mercapturic acid (HNE-MA) (odds ratio(OR)<sub>Q4</sub>\u2009=\u20093.73, 95%CI [1.32, 11.04], p<sub>trend</sub>\u2009=\u20090.003), dimethyl phosphate (DMP) (OR<sub>Q4</sub>\u2009=\u20094.04, 95%CI [1.34, 12.94], p<sub>trend</sub>\u2009=\u20090.014) and diethyl phosphate (OR<sub>Q4</sub>\u2009=\u20092.61, 95%CI\u2009=\u2009[0.93, 7.66], p<sub>trend</sub>\u2009=\u20090.030), and for the mixture of compounds (OR<sub>WQS</sub>\u2009=\u20093.82, 95%CI\u2009=\u2009[1.78, 8.19]) with the main contributions from HNE-MA (28.9%) and DMP (18.4%).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The dose-response relationship suggests enhanced susceptibility to EDC burden in children even at lower levels, whereas the main risk is likely from organophosphate pesticides. HNE-MA is recommended as a sensitive biomarker of lipid peroxidation in the further elucidation of the oxidative stress role in ADHD etiology.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32992575,"Magnesium, Iron, Zinc, Copper and Selenium Status in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).","['ADHD', 'Cu', 'Fe', 'Mg', 'Se', 'Zn', 'elemental status']","['Harry Robberecht', 'Annelies A J Verlaet', 'Annelies Breynaert', 'Tess De Bruyne', 'Nina Hermans']","['In this study, we critically review the literature concerning the relation of Mg, Fe, Zn, Cu and Se and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Elemental status is estimated using peripheral blood parameters, hair, urine, daily intake and response to supplementation. The observed associations between concentration levels of the elements Mg, Fe, Zn, Cu and Se and ADHD symptoms are contradictory. This is partly due to the heterogeneity and complexity of the disorder. As a trend, lower ferritin and zinc levels can be observed. However, this correlation is not causative, as illustrated by placebo-controlled trials reporting conflicting evidence on the efficacy of supplementation. Well-defined studies on changes in concentration levels of the elements in relation to ADHD symptoms before and after treatment with therapeutics it will be possible to shed more light on the significance of these elements in this behavioral disorder. The discussion on whether a change in concentration of an element is cause or consequence of ADHD is not within the scope of this article.']"31288805,Seven steps to mapping health service provision: lessons learned from mapping services for adults with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in the UK.,"['(3–10) mapping', 'ADHD', 'Health service provision', 'Survey', 'Transition']","['Anna Price', 'Astrid Janssens', 'Susan Dunn-Morua', 'Helen Eke', 'Philip Asherson', 'Tony Lloyd', 'Tamsin Ford']","[StringElement('ADHD affects some individuals throughout their lifespan, yet service provision for adults in the United Kingdom (UK) is patchy. Current methods for mapping health service provision are resource intensive, do not map specialist ADHD teams separately from generic mental health services, and often fail to triangulate government data with accounts from service users and clinicians. Without a national audit that maps adult ADHD provision, it is difficult to quantify current gaps in provision and make the case for change. This paper describes the development of a seven step approach to map adult ADHD service provision in the UK.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A mapping method was piloted in 2016 and run definitively in 2018. A seven step method was developed: 1. Defining the target service 2. Identifying key informants 3. Designing the survey 4. Data collection 5. Data analysis 6. Communicating findings 7. Hosting/updating the service map. Patients and members of the public (including clinicians and commissioners) were involved with design, data collection and dissemination of findings.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Using a broad definition of adult ADHD services resulted in an inclusive list of identified services, and allowed the definition to be narrowed to National Health Service (NHS) funded specialist ADHD services at data analysis, with confidence that few relevant services would be missed. Key informants included patients, carers, a range of health workers, and commissioners. A brief online survey, written using lay terms, appeared acceptable to informants. Emails sent using national organisations' mailing lists were the most effective way to access informants on a large scale. Adaptations to the methodology in 2018 were associated with 64% more responses (2371 vs 1446) collected in 83% less time (5 vs 30\u2009weeks) than the pilot. The 2016 map of adult ADHD services was viewed 13,688 times in 17\u2009weeks, indicating effective communication of findings."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This seven step pragmatic method was effective for collating and communicating national service data about UK adult ADHD service provision. Patient and public involvement and engagement from partner organisations was crucial throughout. Lessons learned may be transferable to mapping service provision for other health conditions and in other locations.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32172295,Accommodative response in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): the influence of accommodation stimulus and medication.,"['Dynamics of accommodation', 'Lag of accommodation', 'Stimulant medications', 'Variability of accommodation']","['Beatríz Redondo', 'Rubén Molina', 'Jesús Vera', 'Antonio Muñoz-Hoyos', 'Brendan T Barrett', 'Raimundo Jiménez']","[StringElement('There are claims that ocular accommodation differs in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) compared to typically developing children. We examined whether the accommodation response in ADHD children is influenced by changing the stimulus to accommodation in an attempt modify the level of attentional engagement or by medication for the condition.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We measured the accommodative response and pupil diameter using a binocular, open-field autorefractor in non-medicated and medicated children with ADHD (n\u2009=\u200922, mean age\u2009=\u200910.1\u2009±\u20092.4\xa0years; n\u2009=\u200919; mean age\u2009=\u200911.0\u2009±\u20093.8\xa0years; respectively) and in an age-matched control group (n\u2009=\u200922; mean age\u2009=\u200910.6\u2009±\u20091.9\xa0years) while participants were asked to maintain focus on (i) a high-contrast Maltese cross, (ii) a frame of a cartoon movie (picture) and (iii) a cartoon movie chosen by the participant. Each stimulus was viewed for 180\xa0s from a distance of 25\xa0cm, and the order of presentation was randomised.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Greater lags of accommodation were present in the non-medicated ADHD in comparison to controls (p\u2009=\u20090.023, lags of 1.10\u2009±\u20090.56\xa0D and 0.72\u2009±\u20090.57\xa0D, respectively). No statistically significant difference in the mean accommodative lag was observed between medicated ADHD children (lag of 1.00\u2009±\u20090.44D) and controls (p\u2009=\u20090.104) or between medicated and non-medicated children with ADHD (p\u2009=\u20090.504). The visual stimulus did not influence the lag of accommodation (p\u2009=\u20090.491), and there were no significant group-by-stimulus interactions (p\u2009=\u20090.935). The variability of accommodation differed depending on the visual stimulus, with higher variability for the picture condition compared to the cartoon-movie (p\u2009<\u20090.001) and the Maltese cross (p\u2009=\u20090.006). In addition, the variability yielded statistically significant difference for the main effect of time-on-task (p\u2009=\u20090.027), exhibiting a higher variability over time. However, no group differences in accommodation variability were observed (p\u2009=\u20090.935).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Children with ADHD have a reduced accommodative response, which is not influenced by the stimulus to accommodation. There is no marked effect of medication for ADHD on accommodation accuracy.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"28925800,Investigation of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) sub-types in children via EEG frequency domain analysis.,"['ADHD subtypes', 'ADHD-C', 'ADHD-I', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'theta/beta ratio (TBR)']","['Ramazan Aldemir', 'Esra Demirci', 'Huseyin Per', 'Mehmet Canpolat', 'Sevgi Özmen', 'Mahmut Tokmakçı']","[StringElement('To investigate the frequency domain effects and changes in electroencephalography (EEG) signals in children diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'AIM OF THE STUDY', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""The study contains 40 children. All children were between the ages of 7 and 12 years. Participants were classified into four groups which were ADHD (n=20), ADHD-I (ADHD-Inattentive type) (n=10), ADHD-C (ADHD-Combined type) (n=10), and control (n=20) groups. In this study, the frequency domain of EEG signals for ADHD, subtypes and control groups were analyzed and compared using Matlab software. The mean age of the ADHD children's group was 8.7 years and the control group 9.1 years."", attributes={'Label': 'PATIENTS AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Spectral analysis of mean power (μV<sup>2</sup>) and relative-mean power (%) was carried out for four different frequency bands: delta (0--4 Hz), theta (4--8 Hz), alpha (8--13 Hz) and beta (13--32 Hz). The ADHD and subtypes of ADHD-I, and ADHD-C groups had higher average power value of delta and theta band than that of control group. However, this is not the case for alpha and beta bands. Increases in delta/beta ratio and statistical significance were found only between ADHD-I and control group, and in delta/beta, theta/delta ratio statistical significance values were found to exist between ADHD-C and control group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('EEG analyzes can be used as an alternative method when ADHD subgroups are identified.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35981625,Functional urination or defecation disorders may be warning signs of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder among children in rural China.,"['ADHD', 'Functional defecation disorders', 'Lower urinary tract symptoms', 'Prevalence', 'Rural China']","['Xiaorui Liu', 'Gaofu Zhang']","[StringElement('This study was designed to investigate the prevalence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and its association with functional urination and defecation disorders among children in rural China.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A cross-sectional study was conducted with children aged 6-18 in rural schools in southwest China using a survey questionnaire. The Swanson, Nolan, and Pelham Questionnaire-IV (SNAP-IV) was used to measure ADHD symptoms, and standardized questions about urination and defecation were used to measure lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) and functional defecation disorders (FDDs). The association of ADHD with LUTS and FDDs was analyzed by matched logistic regression after propensity score matching was performed to minimize the influence of potential confounders, including demographic characteristics.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 17,279 participants were included in the analyses. The prevalence of ADHD was 2\xa0% mainly among boys before age 12, after which it showed a decreasing trend with age, resulting in a concomitant reduction in gender differences. The risk of ADHD was positively associated with the presence of enuresis, holding maneuvers, intermittency, and encopresis, with encopresis having the strongest association (P\xa0=\xa00.001). The presence of holding maneuvers, intermittency, excessive volitional stool retention, and encopresis were associated with a higher risk of ADHD at 6-15\xa0years-old, with intermittency exhibiting an increasingly positive association with ADHD risk across ages 6-15.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ADHD was associated with LUTS and FDDs, which highlights that functional urination and/or defecation disorders could serve as warning signs for ADHD that should trigger screening, especially in relatively backward regions with little ADHD awareness.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35693560,Prevalence and Associated Factors of Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder among Children Aged 6-17 Years in North Eastern Ethiopia.,"['Associated factors', 'Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Children', 'Ethiopia']","['Getaneh Baye Mulu', 'Ahmed Yimam Mohammed', 'Worku Misganaw Kebede', 'Bantalem Tilaye Atinafu', 'Fetene Nigussie Tarekegn', 'Hana Nigussie Teshome', 'Mesfin Tadese', 'Abate Dargie Wubetu']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder is one of the public neurodevelopmental disorders characterized by impulsivity and restlessness or hyperactivity. This study aimed to assess the prevalence of Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and its associated factors among children aged 6 to 17 years in Shewa Robit town, Northeastern Ethiopia, 2020.', attributes={'Label': 'Background', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('A community-based cross-sectional study was conducted among 365 children aged 6-17 years from Feb 1-March 30, 2020, at Shewa Robit town. Systematic random sampling was employed to select study participants. Data were collected by interview using structured and pretested questionnaires. Finally, data was entered using Epi-data 4.2 and analyzed using SPSS version 25. Bivariable and multivariable binary logistic regression analysis was conducted to identify associated factors of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Odds ratios with 95% CI were calculated, and variables having a p-value < 0.05 were considered statistically significant.', attributes={'Label': 'Methods', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('The prevalence of ADHD among children aged 6 to 17 years was 13%. Financial crises [AOR 4.76(95% CI 1.51-15.05)], children a previous history of the mental problem [AOR 8.45(95% CI 1.24-57.43)], C/S delivery [AOR 6.38(95% CI 1.26-32.26)] and substance use in life [AOR 2.43(95% CI 1.09-5.43)] were significantly associated with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'Result', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement(""The prevalence of ADHD in children 6 to 17 years old was high (13%). Financial crises, children's history of mental disorders, C/S delivery, and lifetime substance use were significantly associated with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Therefore, particular attention should be given to mothers and children with significant factors."", attributes={'Label': 'Conclusion', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'})]"35994864,Shared genetics and causality underlying epilepsy and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Epilepsy', 'Genetic correlation', 'Mendelian randomization', 'Shared genetics']","['Yong Wu', 'Yichen Li', 'Junhong Zhu', 'Jingyi Long']","['The prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in patients with epilepsy was much higher than prevalence in general population, and vice versa. The mechanisms underlying comorbid ADHD and epilepsy remained largely unknown. Here, we systematically analyzed the genetic correlation, causality, shared genetics and specific trait related tissues by using linkage disequilibrium score regression (LDSC), two sample Mendelian randomization (TwoSampleMR), bivariate causal mixture model (MiXeR), conjunctional false discovery rate (conjFDR) and LDSC applied to specifically expressed genes based on genome wide association studies (GWASs) data of ADHD and epilepsy. We found that ADHD had significant positive genetic association with epilepsy. Two-sample Mendelian randomization analysis with genome wide significant single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) as instrument variables suggested a positively causal effect of ADHD on epilepsy. Using MiXeR, which estimates the total amount of shared variants, we observed 1\xa0K causal variants overlapped between ADHD and epilepsy. At conjFDR <0.05, ADHD shared 2 distinct genomic loci with Epilepsy. Further disease-relevant tissues analysis showed that cortex, substantia nigra, amygdala and hippocampus were both associated with ADHD and epilepsy. Our results suggested that ADHD was genetically correlated with epilepsy, which might be due to the fact that they shared common pathogenic sites and tissues origin.']"34951987,The relationship between persistent organic pollutants and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder phenotypes: Evidence from task-based neural activity in an observational study of a community sample of Canadian mother-child dyads.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI)', 'Inhibitory control', 'Persistent organic pollutants (POPs)', 'Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs)', 'Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs)']","['Tamara J Sussman', 'Brennan H Baker', 'Albert J Wakhloo', 'Virginie Gillet', 'Nadia Abdelouahab', 'Kevin Whittingstall', 'Jean-François Lepage', 'Lindsay St-Cyr', 'Amélie Boivin', 'Anthony Gagnon', 'Andrea A Baccarelli', 'Larissa Takser', 'Jonathan Posner']","[StringElement('Prenatal exposure to persistent organic pollutants (POPs), widespread in North America, is associated with increased Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) symptoms and may be a modifiable risk for ADHD phenotypes. However, the effects of moderate exposure to POPs on task-based inhibitory control performance, related brain function, and ADHD-related symptoms remain unknown, limiting our ability to develop interventions targeting the neural impact of common levels of exposure.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The goal of this study was to examine the association between prenatal POP exposure and inhibitory control performance, neural correlates of inhibitory control and ADHD-related symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('Prospective data was gathered in an observational study of Canadian mother-child dyads, with moderate exposure to POPs, including polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), as part of the GESTation and the Environment (GESTE) cohort in Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada. The sample included 87 eligible children, 46 with maternal plasma samples, functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) data of Simon task performance at 9-11 years, and parental report of clinical symptoms via the Behavioral Assessment System for Children 3 (BASC-3). Simon task performance was probed via drift diffusion modeling, and parameter estimates were related to POP exposure. Simon task-based fMRI data was modeled to examine the difference in incongruent vs congruent trials in regions of interest (ROIs) identified by meta analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of the 46 participants with complete data, 29 were male, and mean age was 10.42\xa0±\xa00.55 years. Increased POP exposure was associated with reduced accuracy (e.g. PCB molar sum rate ratio\xa0=\xa00.95; 95% CI [0.90, 0.99]), drift rate (e.g. for PCB molar sum β\xa0=\xa0-0.42; 95% CI [-0.77, -0.07]), and task-related brain activity (e.g. in inferior frontal cortex for PCB molar sum β\xa0=\xa0-0.35; 95% CI [-0.69, -0.02]), and increased ADHD symptoms (e.g. hyperactivity PCB molar sum β\xa0=\xa02.35; 95%CI [0.17, 4.53]), supporting the possibility that prenatal exposure to POPs is a modifiable risk for ADHD phenotypes.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We showed that exposure to POPs is related to task-based changes in neural activity in brain regions important for inhibitory control, suggesting a biological mechanism underlying previously documented associations between POPs and neurobehavioral deficits found in ADHD phenotypes.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION'})]"29644473,"Attention and executive functions computer training for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): results from a randomized, controlled trial.","['ADHD', 'Cognitive remediation', 'Cognitive training', 'Computer training', 'Executive function training', 'Non-pharmacological treatment']","['Aida Bikic', 'James F Leckman', 'Torben Ø Christensen', 'Niels Bilenberg', 'Søren Dalsgaard']","['Multicenter randomized clinical superiority single-blind trial investigated the effect of a computer training program targeting multiple cognitive functions. Seventy children with ADHD, aged 6-13, were randomized to intervention or control group. The intervention group used ACTIVATE™ for 8\xa0weeks and both groups received treatment as usual and were assessed in regard to cognitive functions, symptoms, behavioral and functional outcome measures after 8, 12 and 24\xa0weeks. There was no significant effect on the primary outcome, sustained attention (β\u2009=\u2009-\u20090.047; CI -\u20090.247 to 0.153) or the secondary outcomes [parent-rated ADHD-RS, β\u2009=\u2009-\u20090.037; CI (-\u20090.224 to 0.150); teacher-rated-ADHD-RS, β\u2009=\u20090.093; CI (-\u20090.107 to 0.294); parent-rated-BRIEF, β\u2009=\u2009-\u20090.119; CI (-\u20090.307 to 0.069); and teacher-rated-BRIEF, β\u2009=\u20090.136; CI (-\u20090.048 to 0.322)]. This multicenter randomized clinical trial found no significant beneficial effects of cognitive training using the computer program ACTIVATE on the primary or secondary outcome measures in children with ADHD. Nevertheless, our study was likely underpowered to detect small to moderate changes.Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01752530, date of registration: December 10, 2012.']"28687370,"[The epidemiology of pharmacologically treated attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in the Region of Murcia, Spain: Differences by gender, age and location of residence].","['Age', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Diagnosis', 'Edad', 'Farmacoepidemiología', 'Gender', 'Pharmaco-epidemiology', 'Pharmacological use', 'Sexo', 'Trastorno por déficit de atención e hiperactividad (TDAH)', 'Utilización de medicamentos']","['Diego Pablo Sánchez Martínez', 'José Jesús Guillén Pérez']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most frequent disorder in childhood and adolescence, and is seen as a public health problem. The recommended treatment includes pharmacological and psychosocial treatment. The aim of this work was to study the changes in the prescribing of the medicines used in ADHD treatment in the Region of Murcia, as well as their socio-demographic variability.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A retrospective observational study was conducted using the dispensing of medicines for ADHD treatment by means of prescription in the Region of Murcia from 2010 to 2014. The consumption rates were determined as defined daily doses (DDD) per thousand inhabitants/day (DHD), stratified by gender and age. The reasons for prevalence of treatment by gender were also determined by comparing male and female consumption rates.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The consumption of medicines for ADHD treatment had almost doubled in the period studied, from 5.58 DHD and 3.39 DHD in 2010 to 9.34 DHD and 6.71 DHD in 2014, for the age range of 10-14 and 15-19, respectively. Boys from 10-14 showed the highest consumption rates, showing a high geographical variability with less consumption in rural areas.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The results showed a large increase in the use of medicines for ADHD treatment in the Region of Murcia, although the consumption rates are still lower than in other Autonomous Communities or neighbouring countries. A wide geographical variability was found, with a higher consumption in adolescents from urban areas.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34235737,Combining multivariate genomic approaches to elucidate the comorbidity between autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Autism spectrum disorder', 'GWAS', 'SNP', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'colocalization', 'common genetic variants', 'comorbidity', 'genomic structural equation\xa0modelling']","['Hugo Peyre', 'Tabea Schoeler', 'Chaoyu Liu', 'Camille Michèle Williams', 'Nicolas Hoertel', 'Alexandra Havdahl', 'Jean-Baptiste Pingault']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) are two highly heritable neurodevelopmental disorders. Several lines of evidence point towards the presence of shared genetic factors underlying ASD and ADHD. We conducted genomic analyses of common risk variants (i.e. single nucleotide polymorphisms, SNPs) shared by ASD and ADHD, and those specific to each disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('With the summary data from two GWAS, one on ASD (N\xa0=\xa046,350) and another on ADHD (N\xa0=\xa055,374) individuals, we used genomic structural equation\xa0modelling and colocalization analysis to identify SNPs shared by ASD and ADHD and SNPs specific to each disorder. Functional genomic analyses were then conducted on shared and specific common genetic variants. Finally, we performed a bidirectional Mendelian randomization analysis to test whether the shared genetic risk between ASD and ADHD was interpretable in terms of reciprocal relationships between ASD and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We found that 37.5% of the SNPs associated with ASD (at p\xa0<\xa01e-6) colocalized with ADHD SNPs and that 19.6% of the SNPs associated with ADHD colocalized with ASD SNPs. We identified genes mapped to SNPs that are specific to ASD or ADHD and that are shared by ASD and ADHD, including two novel genes INSM1 and PAX1. Our bidirectional Mendelian randomization analyses indicated that the risk of ASD was associated with an increased risk of ADHD and vice versa.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Using multivariate genomic analyses, the present study uncovers shared and specific genetic variants associated with ASD and ADHD. Further functional investigation of genes mapped to those shared variants may help identify pathophysiological pathways and new targets for treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34379767,Familial co-aggregation of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and autoimmune diseases: a cohort study based on Swedish population-wide registers.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autoimmunity', 'cohort study', 'familial aggregation', 'familial co-aggregation', 'genetics', 'maternal immune activation', 'national register', 'neurodevelopmental disorder']","['Tor-Arne Hegvik', 'Qi Chen', 'Ralf Kuja-Halkola', 'Kari Klungsøyr', 'Agnieszka Butwicka', 'Paul Lichtenstein', 'Catarina Almqvist', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Jan Haavik', 'Henrik Larsson']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been associated with several autoimmune diseases (AD), both within individuals and across relatives, implying common underlying genetic or environmental factors in line with studies indicating that immunological mechanisms are key to brain development. To further elucidate the relationship between ADHD and autoimmunity we performed a population-wide familial co-aggregation study.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We linked Swedish national registries, defined a birth cohort with their biological relatives and identified individuals diagnosed with ADHD and/or 13 ADs. The cohort included 5 178 225 individuals born between 1960 and 2010, of whom 118 927 (2.30%) had been diagnosed with ADHD. We then investigated the associations between ADHD and ADs within individuals and across relatives, with logistic regression and structural equation modelling.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Within individuals, ADHD was associated with a diagnosis of any of the 13 investigated ADs (adjusted odds ratio (OR) =1.34, 95% confidence interval (CI)\u2009=\u20091.30-1.38) as well as several specific ADs. Familial co-aggregation was observed. For example, ADHD was associated with any of the 13 ADs in mothers (OR\u2009=\u20091.29, 95% CI\u2009=\u20091.26-1.32), fathers (OR\u2009=\u20091.14, 95% CI\u2009=\u20091.11-1.18), full siblings (OR\u2009=\u20091.19, 95% CI\u2009=\u20091.15-1.22), aunts (OR\u2009=\u20091.12, 95% CI\u2009=\u20091.10-1.15), uncles (OR\u2009=\u20091.07, 95% CI\u2009=\u20091.05-1.10) and cousins (OR\u2009=\u20091.04, 95% CI\u2009=\u20091.03-1.06). Still, the absolute risks of AD among those with ADHD were low. The genetic correlation between ADHD and a diagnosis of any of the investigated ADs was 0.13 (95% CI\u2009=\u20090.09-0.17) and the environmental correlation was 0.02 (95% CI = -0.03-0.06).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We found that ADHD and ADs co-aggregate among biological relatives, indicating that the relationship between ADHD and autoimmune diseases may in part be explained by shared genetic risk factors. The patterns of familial co-aggregation of ADHD and ADs do not readily support a role of maternal immune activation in the aetiology of ADHD. The findings have implications for aetiological models of ADHD. However, screening for autoimmunity among individuals with ADHD is not warranted.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34851976,Differential structure-function network coupling in the inattentive and combined types of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,[],"['Dongha Lee', 'Elizabeth Quattrocki Knight', 'Hyunjoo Song', 'Saebyul Lee', 'Chongwon Pae', 'Sol Yoo', 'Hae-Jeong Park']","['The heterogeneous presentation of inattentive and hyperactive-impulsive core symptoms in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) warrants further investigation into brain network connectivity as a basis for subtype divisions in this prevalent disorder. With diffusion and resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging data from the Healthy Brain Network database, we analyzed both structural and functional network efficiency and structure-functional network (SC-FC) coupling at the default mode (DMN), executive control (ECN), and salience (SAN) intrinsic networks in 201 children diagnosed with the inattentive subtype (ADHD-I), the combined subtype (ADHD-C), and typically developing children (TDC) to characterize ADHD symptoms relative to TDC and to test differences between ADHD subtypes. Relative to TDC, children with ADHD had lower structural connectivity and network efficiency in the DMN, without significant group differences in functional networks. Children with ADHD-C had higher SC-FC coupling, a finding consistent with diminished cognitive flexibility, for all subnetworks compared to TDC. The ADHD-C group also demonstrated increased SC-FC coupling in the DMN compared to the ADHD-I group. The correlation between SC-FC coupling and hyperactivity scores was negative in the ADHD-I, but not in the ADHD-C group. The current study suggests that ADHD-C and ADHD-I may differ with respect to their underlying neuronal connectivity and that the added dimensionality of hyperactivity may not explain this distinction.']"31056192,Detection of adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder with cognitive complaint: Experience of a French memory center.,"['Adult', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Cognitive impairment', 'Neuropsychological tests', 'Psychiatry']","['M Pierre', 'J Cogez', 'P Lebain', 'N Loisel', 'C Lalevée', 'A L Bonnet', 'V De La Sayette', 'F Viader']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a frequent neurodevelopmental mental disorder. It can persist in adulthood and be expressed as a cognitive complaint.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We conducted a descriptive study in a French memory center concerning patients seen over a period of two years. All patients for whom the final diagnosis was ADHD were included. All patients benefited from standard neuropsychological tests and a psychiatric specific consultation.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Thirteen patients were included with an average age of 50.2±19 years. Main complaints related to memory, attention, focusing and organizational functioning. These difficulties had negative social, professional and academic consequences. ADHD history in descendants was noted in 46% of patients. More than 20% of subjects had motor, verbal or mental restlessness. Neuropsychological assessment highlighted impaired performances in executive functions (38%), sustained attention (67%), divided attention (45%), working memory (46%) and information processing speed (75%). A psychiatric history or comorbidities were present in 85% of patients, mostly of the anxio-depressive type. The more prevalent presentations of ADHD were the combined (38%) and inattentive (38%) types.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Adult ADHD can masquerade as a cognitive impairment, including a stable cognitive complaint from infancy to old age. Inattentive, hyperactive and impulsive symptoms change with time and become more internalized (such as concentration difficulties or mental restlessness). No neuropsychological pattern has been reported but fluctuating deficits in sustained, divided attention, working memory and information processing speed are frequently observed in adult ADHD. A specific psychiatric expertise is essential in diagnosis and care for ADHD and its commonly associated psychiatric comorbidities.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30337626,Neonatal 6-OHDA lesion model in mouse induces Attention-Deficit/ Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)-like behaviour.,[],"['Otmane Bouchatta', 'Houria Manouze', 'Rabia Bouali-Benazzouz', 'Nóra Kerekes', ""Saadia Ba-M'hamed"", 'Pascal Fossat', 'Marc Landry', 'Mohamed Bennis']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by impaired attention, impulsivity and hyperactivity. The ""neonatal 6-hydroxydopamine"" (6-OHDA) lesion is a commonly used model of ADHD in rat. However, a comprehensive assessment of ADHD-like symptoms is still missing, and data in mouse remain largely unavailable. Our aim was to analyse symptoms of ADHD in the mouse neonatal 6-OHDA model. 6-OHDA mice exhibited the major ADHD-like symptoms, i.e. hyperactivity (open field), attention deficit and impulsivity (five-choice serial reaction time task). Further, the model revealed discrete co-existing symptoms, i.e. anxiety-like (elevated plus maze test) and antisocial (social interaction) behaviours and decreased cognitive functioning (novel object recognition). The efficacy of methylphenidate, a classical psychostimulant used in the treatment of ADHD, was also evaluated. A histological analysis further supports the model validity by indicating dopamine depletion, changes in cortical thickness and abnormalities in anterior cingulate cortex neurons. A principal component analysis of the behaviour profile confirms that the 6-OHDA mouse model displayed good face and predictive validity. We conclude that neonatal dopamine depletion results in behavioural and morphological changes similar to those seen in patients and therefore could be used as a model for studying ADHD pathophysiological mechanisms and identifying therapeutic targets.']"34389201,The Combined Effects of Young Relative Age and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder on Negative Long-term Outcomes.,"['ADHD', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'long-term outcomes', 'relative age']","['Jonna Kuntsi', 'Henrik Larsson', 'Qigang Deng', 'Paul Lichtenstein', 'Zheng Chang']","[StringElement('Young relative age (ie, being among the youngest in a school class) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are both potential risk factors for adverse long-term outcomes. Young relative age also increases the risk of ADHD diagnosis. Using data from Swedish national registers, we investigate the independent and joint long-term effects of young relative age and ADHD on educational achievement, substance use disorder (SUD), criminality, and depression.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We identified a national cohort of individuals with young relative age (born November-December) and a comparison group with old relative age (born January-February). Of the total sample of 297,840 individuals, 6,528 individuals had a diagnosis of ADHD in childhood. The 4 outcomes were measured at ages 15 to 23 years. We examined main, additive, and interactive effects of young relative age and ADHD on long-term outcomes.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('In the individuals without ADHD, young relative age was associated with increased risk of depression (odds ratio [OR]\xa0= 1.14 [95% CI\xa0=1.09-1.20]), SUD (OR\xa0= 1.14 [1.09-1.20]), and low educational achievement (OR\xa0= 1.17 [1.14-1.20]), but not criminality (OR\xa0= 1.00 [0.98-1.03]). In the individuals with ADHD, young relative age was associated with increased risk of SUD (OR\xa0= 1.23 [1.01-1.50]) and low educational achievement (OR\xa0= 1.12 [1.00-0.26]; CI included 1), but not depression or criminality (OR\xa0= 0.88 [0.73-1.07] and OR\xa0= 0.89 [0.79-1.01], respectively). An interaction emerged between young relative age and ADHD for depression (OR\xa0= 0.78 [0.64-0.95]).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We observed relative age effects that add to the evidence supporting a more flexible approach to school starting age and that emphasize the importance of careful age-match comparisons during assessment of childhood ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"30119875,Polygenic Risk and Neural Substrates of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms in Youths With a History of Mild Traumatic Brain Injury.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Diffusion tensor imaging', 'Magnetic resonance imaging', 'Polygenic score', 'Traumatic brain injury', 'Youths']","['Sonja Stojanovski', 'Daniel Felsky', 'Joseph D Viviano', 'Saba Shahab', 'Rutwik Bangali', 'Christie L Burton', 'Gabriel A Devenyi', ""Lauren J O'Donnell"", 'Peter Szatmari', 'M Mallar Chakravarty', 'Stephanie Ameis', 'Russell Schachar', 'Aristotle N Voineskos', 'Anne L Wheeler']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a major sequela of traumatic brain injury (TBI) in youths. The objective of this study was to examine whether ADHD symptoms are differentially associated with genetic risk and brain structure in youths with and without a history of TBI.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Medical history, ADHD symptoms, genetic data, and neuroimaging data were obtained from a community sample of youths. ADHD symptom severity was compared between those with and without TBI (TBI n\xa0= 418, no TBI n\xa0= 3193). The relationship of TBI history, genetic vulnerability, brain structure, and ADHD symptoms was examined by assessing 1) ADHD polygenic score (discovery sample ADHD n\xa0= 19,099, control sample n\xa0= 34,194), 2)\xa0basal ganglia volumes, and 3) fractional anisotropy in the corpus callosum and corona radiata.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Youths with TBI reported greater ADHD symptom severity compared with those without TBI. Polygenic score was positively associated with ADHD symptoms in youths without TBI but not in youths with TBI. The negative association between the caudate volume and ADHD symptoms was not moderated by a history of TBI. However, the relationship between ADHD symptoms and structure of the genu of the corpus callosum was negative in youths with TBI and positive in youths without TBI.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The identification of distinct ADHD etiology in youths with TBI provides neurobiological insight into the clinical heterogeneity in the disorder. Results indicate that genetic predisposition to ADHD does not increase the risk for ADHD symptoms associated with TBI. ADHD symptoms associated with TBI may be a result of a mechanical insult rather than neurodevelopmental factors.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35201607,Extended-release methylphenidate for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults.,[],"['Kim Boesen', 'Asger Sand Paludan-Müller', 'Peter C Gøtzsche', 'Karsten Juhl Jørgensen']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a psychiatric diagnosis increasingly used in adults. The recommended first-line pharmacological treatment is central nervous system (CNS) stimulants, such as methylphenidate, but uncertainty remains about its benefits and harms.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To assess the beneficial and harmful effects of extended-release formulations of methylphenidate in adults diagnosed with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, nine other databases and four clinical trial registries up to February 2021. We searched 12 drug regulatory databases for clinical trial data up to 13 May 2020. In addition, we cross-referenced all available trial identifiers, handsearched reference lists, searched pharmaceutical company databases, and contacted trial authors.', attributes={'Label': 'SEARCH METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Randomised, double-blind, parallel-group trials comparing extended-release methylphenidate formulations at any dose versus placebo and other ADHD medications in adults diagnosed with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'SELECTION CRITERIA', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Two review authors independently extracted data. We assessed dichotomous outcomes as risk ratios (RRs), and rating scales and continuous outcomes as mean differences (MDs) or standardised mean differences (SMDs). We used the Cochrane risk of bias tool to assess risks of bias, and GRADE to assess the certainty of the evidence. We meta-analysed the data using a random-effects model. We assessed three design characteristics that may impair the trial results' 'generalisability'; exclusion of participants with psychiatric comorbidity; responder selection based on previous experience with CNS stimulants; and risk of withdrawal effects. Our prespecified primary outcomes were functional outcomes, self-rated ADHD symptoms, and serious adverse events. Our secondary outcomes included quality of life, ADHD symptoms rated by investigators and by peers such as family members, cardiovascular variables, severe psychiatric adverse events, and other adverse events."", attributes={'Label': 'DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""We included 24 trials (5066 participants), of which 21 reported outcome data for this review. We also identified one ongoing study. We included documents from six drug regulatory agencies covering eight trials. Twenty-one trials had an outpatient setting and three were conducted in prisons. They were primarily conducted in North America and Europe. The median participant age was 36 years. Twelve trials (76% of participants) were industry-sponsored, four (14% of participants) were publicly funded with industry involvement, seven (10% of participants) were publicly funded, and one had unclear funding. The median trial duration was eight weeks. One trial was rated at overall unclear risk of bias and 20 trials were rated at overall high risk of bias, primarily due to unclear blinding of participants and investigators, attrition bias, and selective outcome reporting. All trials were impaired in at least one of the three design characteristics related to 'generalisability'; for example, they excluded participants with psychiatric comorbidity such as depression or anxiety, or included participants only with a previous positive response to methylphenidate, or similar drugs. This may limit the trials' usefulness for clinical practice, as they may overestimate the benefits and underestimate the harms. Extended-release methylphenidate versus placebo (up to 26 weeks) For the primary outcomes, we found very low-certainty evidence that methylphenidate had no effect on 'days missed at work' at 13-week follow-up (mean difference (MD) -0.15 days, 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.11 to 1.81; 1 trial, 409 participants) or serious adverse events (risk ratio (RR) 1.43, CI 95% CI 0.85 to 2.43; 14 trials, 4078 participants), whereas methylphenidate improved self-rated ADHD symptoms (small-to-moderate effect; SMD -0.37, 95% CI -0.43 to -0.30; 16 trials, 3799 participants). For secondary outcomes, we found very low-certainty evidence that methylphenidate improved self-rated quality of life (small effect; SMD -0.15, 95% CI -0.25 to -0.05; 6 trials, 1888 participants), investigator-rated ADHD symptoms (small-to-moderate effect; SMD -0.42, 95% CI -0.49 to -0.36; 18 trials, 4183 participants), ADHD symptoms rated by peers such as family members (small-to-moderate effect; SMD -0.31, 95% CI -0.48 to -0.14; 3 trials, 1005 participants), and increased the risk of experiencing any adverse event (RR 1.27, 95% CI 1.19 to 1.37; 14 trials, 4214 participants). We rated the certainty of the evidence as 'very low' for all outcomes, primarily due to high risk of bias and 'indirectness of the evidence'. One trial (419 participants) had follow-up at 52 weeks and two trials (314 participants) included active comparators, hence long-term and comparative evidence is limited."", attributes={'Label': 'MAIN RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""We found very low-certainty evidence that extended-release methylphenidate compared to placebo improved ADHD symptoms (small-to-moderate effects) measured on rating scales reported by participants, investigators, and peers such as family members. Methylphenidate had no effect on 'days missed at work' or serious adverse events, the effect on quality of life was small, and it increased the risk of several adverse effects. We rated the certainty of the evidence as 'very low' for all outcomes, due to high risk of bias, short trial durations, and limitations to the generalisability of the results. The benefits and harms of extended-release methylphenidate therefore remain uncertain."", attributes={'Label': ""AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS"", 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34702855,CDH2 mutation affecting N-cadherin function causes attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in humans and mice.,[],"['D Halperin', 'A Stavsky', 'R Kadir', 'M Drabkin', 'O Wormser', 'Y Yogev', 'V Dolgin', 'R Proskorovski-Ohayon', 'Y Perez', 'H Nudelman', 'O Stoler', 'B Rotblat', 'T Lifschytz', 'A Lotan', 'G Meiri', 'D Gitler', 'O S Birk']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common childhood-onset psychiatric disorder characterized by inattention, impulsivity and hyperactivity. ADHD exhibits substantial heritability, with rare monogenic variants contributing to its pathogenesis. Here we demonstrate familial ADHD caused by a missense mutation in CDH2, which encodes the adhesion protein N-cadherin, known to play a significant role in synaptogenesis; the mutation affects maturation of the protein. In line with the human phenotype, CRISPR/Cas9-mutated knock-in mice harboring the human mutation in the mouse ortholog recapitulated core behavioral features of hyperactivity. Symptoms were modified by methylphenidate, the most commonly prescribed therapeutic for ADHD. The mutated mice exhibited impaired presynaptic vesicle clustering, attenuated evoked transmitter release and decreased spontaneous release. Specific downstream molecular pathways were affected in both the ventral midbrain and prefrontal cortex, with reduced tyrosine hydroxylase expression and dopamine levels. We thus delineate roles for CDH2-related pathways in the pathophysiology of ADHD.']"34315336,Co-occurring attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and anxiety disorders differentially affect males and females with autism.,"['ADHD', 'Autism', 'age', 'anxiety', 'female', 'motor', 'repetitive', 'sex/gender']","['Ericka L Wodka', 'Julia Parish-Morris', 'Robert D Annett', 'Laura Carpenter', 'Emily Dillon', 'Jacob Michaelson', 'So Hyun Kim', 'Rebecca Landa', 'Stephen Kanne']","[StringElement('To examine overlap and divergence of symptomatology in Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) with and without co-occurring Attention/Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and/or Anxiety Disorder by age and sex.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Participants included 25,078 individuals registered in the SPARK cohort, age 6-18\u2009years. SPARK participation includes online consent and registration, as well as parent-reported ASD, ADHD, and Anxiety Disorder diagnoses, developmental, medical, and intervention history, and standardized rating scales. Individuals with ASD, ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD, ASD\u2009+\u2009Anxiety, or ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD\u2009+\u2009Anxiety were compared on measures assessing social communication, restricted and repetitive behaviors (RRBs), and motor functioning, and differences between male and female profiles were examined.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Significant differences in symptom presentation between females/males, school-age/adolescent individuals, and by co-occurring conditions (ASD/ADHD/Anxiety) are apparent, and the impact of co-occurring conditions differed by age and sex. Most notably, school-age femaleswith ASD without co-occurring conditions present with significantly fewer concerns about social communication skills and have better motor skills, but have more prominent RRBs as compared to same-aged males with ASD alone; co-occurring conditions were associated with increased social communication problems and motor concerns, most consistently for school-age females.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('School-age females with ASD are at highest risk for underestimation of autism-related symptoms, including underestimation of symptoms beyond core ASD features (motor skills). Further, across ages, particular consideration should be given when probing for social communication symptoms, RRBs, and motor skills in females with ASD alone, as well as with co-occurring ADHD and/or Anxiety. For females with co-occurring symptoms and conditions, use of symptom-specific measures in lieu of omnibus measures should be considered.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33765546,Metal and essential element concentrations during pregnancy and associations with autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Autism spectrum disorder (ASD)', 'Essential element', 'Medical Birth Registry of Norway (MBRN)', 'Metal', 'The Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study (MoBa)']","['Thea S Skogheim', 'Kjell Vegard F Weyde', 'Stephanie M Engel', 'Heidi Aase', 'Pål Surén', 'Merete G Øie', 'Guido Biele', 'Ted Reichborn-Kjennerud', 'Ida H Caspersen', 'Mady Hornig', 'Line S Haug', 'Gro D Villanger']","[StringElement('Prenatal exposure to toxic metals or variations in maternal levels of essential elements during pregnancy may be a risk factor for neurodevelopmental disorders such as attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in offspring.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We investigated whether maternal levels of toxic metals and essential elements measured in mid-pregnancy, individually and as mixtures, were associated with childhood diagnosis of ADHD or ASD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('This study is based on the Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study and included 705 ADHD cases, 397 ASD cases and 1034 controls. Cases were identified through linkage with the Norwegian Patient Registry. Maternal concentrations of 11 metals/elements were measured in blood at week 17 of gestation; cadmium; cesium; cobalt; copper; lead; magnesium; manganese; selenium; zinc; total arsenic; and total mercury. Multivariable adjusted logistic regression models were used to examine associations between quartile levels of individual metals/elements and outcomes. We also investigated non-linear associations using restricted cubic spline models. The joint effects of the metal/element mixture on ASD and ADHD diagnoses were estimated using a quantile-based g-computation approach.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('For ASD, we identified positive associations (increased risks) in the second quartile of arsenic [OR\xa0=\xa01.77 (CI: 1.26, 2.49)] and the fourth quartiles of cadmium and manganese [OR\xa0=\xa01.57 (CI: 1.07 2.31); OR\xa0=\xa01.84 (CI: 1.30, 2.59)], respectively. In addition, there were negative associations between cesium, copper, mercury, and zinc and ASD. For ADHD, we found increased risk in the fourth quartiles of cadmium and magnesium [OR\xa0=\xa01.59 (CI: 1.15, 2.18); [OR\xa0=\xa01.42 (CI: 1.06, 1.91)]. There were also some negative associations, among others with mercury. In addition, we identified non-linear associations between ASD and arsenic, mercury, magnesium, and lead, and between ADHD and arsenic, copper, manganese, and mercury. There were no significant findings in the mixture approach analyses.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""Results from the present study show several associations between levels of metals and elements during gestation and ASD and ADHD in children. The most notable ones involved arsenic, cadmium, copper, mercury, manganese, magnesium, and lead. Our results suggest that even population levels of these compounds may have negative impacts on neurodevelopment. As we observed mainly similarities among the metals' and elements' impact on ASD and ADHD, it could be that the two disorders share some neurochemical and neurodevelopmental pathways. The results warrant further investigation and replication, as well as studies of combined effects of metals/elements and mechanistic underpinnings."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"27132816,"Linking state regulation, brain laterality, and self-reported attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in adults.","['Brain laterality', 'Event rate', 'Linguistic processing', 'Self-reported attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms', 'State regulation']","['Saleh M H Mohamed', 'Norbert A Börger', 'Reint H Geuze', 'Jaap J van der Meere']","[StringElement('Many clinical studies have shown that performance of subjects with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is impaired when stimuli are presented at a slow rate compared to a medium or fast rate. According to the cognitive-energetic model, this finding may reflect difficulty in allocating sufficient effort to regulate the motor activation state. Other studies have shown that the left hemisphere is relatively responsible for keeping humans motivated, allocating sufficient effort to complete their tasks. This leads to a prediction that poor effort allocation might be associated with an affected left-hemisphere functioning in ADHD. So far, this prediction has not been directly tested, which is the aim of the present study.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement(""Seventy-seven adults with various scores on the Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scale performed a lateralized lexical decision task in three conditions with stimuli presented in a fast, a medium, and a slow rate. The left-hemisphere functioning was measured in terms of visual field advantage (better performance for the right than for the left visual field)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('All subjects showed an increased right visual field advantage for word processing in the slow presentation rate of stimuli compared to the fast and the medium rate. Higher ADHD scores were related to a reduced right visual field advantage in the slow rate only.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The present findings suggest that ADHD symptomatology is associated with less involvement of the left hemisphere when extra effort allocation is needed to optimize the low motor activation state.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33635183,Divergent mentalization types in adolescent borderline personality disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'adolescent', 'borderline personality disorder', 'mentalization', 'social cognition']","['Ömer Faruk Akça', 'Kiana Wall', 'Carla Sharp']","[StringElement('Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and borderline personality disorder (BPD) have several similarities and it is difficult to distinguish these disorders in adolescents. We aimed to identify the unique correlates of mentalization abilities that may distinguish these two disorders, and to investigate the mentalization abilities of adolescents with ADHD, BPD and ADHD\u2009+\u2009BPD in an inpatient sample to determine the effect of co-morbidity on mentalization abilities.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We have explored the relationship between Child Eye Test (CET) scores, Movie for the Assessment of Social Cognition (MASC) subscales, and ADHD and BPD symptoms in adolescent inpatients. In addition, we compared ADHD, BPD and ADHD\u2009+\u2009BPD groups in terms of their mentalization abilities.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Correct MASC scores were negatively associated with both ADHD and BPD symptoms in girls, and negatively associated with ADHD symptoms in boys. In addition, hypermentalization scores were associated with BPD symptoms in girls, and hypomentalization and no mentalization scores were associated with ADHD symptoms in girls. CET scores were negatively associated with ADHD symptoms in girls, but no relations with BPD were found. Group comparisons revealed no significant difference among groups.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We included only inpatient sample without considering their medication condition, we did not compare the mentalization scores of the patient groups with healthy controls and we used self-report measures for several assessments.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('Mentalization patterns in ADHD and BPD are distinct. ADHD may be related to hypomentalization, instead, BPD may be related to hypermentalization.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35443049,Attention/Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in Adolescent and Young Adult Males With Fragile X Syndrome.,"['\n          FMR1\n        ', 'ADHD', 'autism', 'intellectual disability']","['Jessica Klusek', ""Shannon L O'Connor"", 'Alexandra Hickey', 'Kimberly J Hills', 'Leonard Abbeduto', 'Jane E Roberts']","[""This study characterized the rates of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adolescent and young adult males with fragile X syndrome (FXS) using a multi-method approach integrating a DSM-based parent interview (Children's Interview for Psychiatric Syndromes; P-ChIPS, Fristad et al., 1998) and a parent rating scale (Child Behavior Checklist; CBCL, Achenbach, 2001). Thirty-one males with FXS, aged 16-24 years, participated. Forty-two percent met DSM-5 criteria for ADHD and 35% exceeded the CBCL cut-offs. Agreement between the two classification methods was fair (κ = 0.38). Autism symptom severity and nonverbal cognitive ability did not predict ADHD diagnoses/symptoms. Results show high rates of ADHD in males with FXS during late adolescence and young adulthood, which are not accounted for by impaired nonverbal cognitive skills or autism symptom severity. DSM-based ADHD-specific scales are recommended over broadband symptom scales to improve accurate identification.""]"32047929,Treatment Efficacy of Internet Gaming Disorder With Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Emotional Dysregulaton.,"['ADHD', 'DMDD', 'IGD', 'treatment efficacy']","['Chuan-Hsin Chang', 'Yue-Cune Chang', 'Helen Cheng', 'Ruu-Fen Tzang']","[StringElement('Recent youth with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) noticed emotional dysregulation if they had Internet Gaming Disorder (IGD). This study aims to understand the treatment efficacy of IGD with ADHD and emotional dysregulaton.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A total of 101 ADHD youths were recruited. We used the Chen Internet Addiction Scale and IGD criteria of the diagnotsic statistical manual (DSM)-5 to confirm IGD. The Swanson, Nolan, and Pelham questionnaire Version IV was used for symptoms of ADHD and oppositional defiant disorder. Disruptive mood dysregulation disorder was assessed by psychiatrist.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('There is a new phenomenon that emotional dysregulation has been frequently noticed in severely gaming-addicted ADHD youth. Treatment efficacy of IGD is good when the underlying symptom of ADHD is controlled. Symptom scores of disruptive mood dysregulation (DMDD) were significantly reduced by 71.9%, 74.8%, and 84.4% at week 2, 3, and 4, respectively (P ≤ .001) after adjusting baseline symptom severity.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('IGD may strongly arouse emotional dysregulation. Future DSM criteria could consider these gaming-addicted youth as a specific subclass of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"28699075,Differential brain activations in adult attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder subtypes: a counting Stroop functional MRI study.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Conners’ continuous performance test', 'Counting Stroop task', 'Functional brain imaging', 'Subtype']","['Chi-Yung Shang', 'Chia Sheng', 'Li-Kuang Yang', 'Tai-Li Chou', 'Susan Shur-Fen Gau']","[""Although previous functional neuroimaging studies have found abnormal brain activations in individuals with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), little was known about distinct brain dysfunctions across different ADHD subtypes. The objective of the present study was to investigate the abnormal brain activations associated with two ADHD subtypes, predominantly inattentive (ADHD-PI) and combined (ADHD-C) subtypes. Twenty-five adults with ADHD-PI, 25 with ADHD-C, and 30 healthy controls (HC) participated in this study. The brain function of the participants were assessed by using the counting Stroop task inside the scanner and the Conners' Continuous Performance Test (CCPT) outside the scanner. The HC group showed greater activations in the caudate nucleus and inferior frontal gyrus (IFG) than the ADHD-PI and ADHD-C groups. The ADHD-PI group showed greater activations in the superior parietal lobule (SPL) than the ADHD-C group. In all participants with ADHD, we found negative correlations of activation in the left caudate and the left IFG with the standard deviation of the reaction time of the CCPT, and negative correlations of activation in the left SPL with the reaction time changes across different inter-stimulus intervals. Our results demonstrated altered brain activity in the frontostriatal networks of adults with ADHD-PI and the fronto-striato-parietal networks of adults with ADHD-C. Abnormalities in the parietal areas may represent the main difference between the ADHD-PI and ADHD-C subtypes.""]"35816941,Reduced exercise-induced growth hormone secretion among children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Exercise', 'Growth hormone', 'Height']","['Dan Nemet', 'Sigal Ben-Zaken', 'Roi A Eliakim', 'Alon Eliakim']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is typically a chronic, often lifelong condition. Data suggest that ADHD itself and its treatment may be associated with dysregulated growth, including height and BMI. The reason for this association is yet unknown. The objective of this study was to examine differences in growth hormone (GH) response to exercise between children who had received a diagnosis of ADHD and age- and gender-matched controls. We reasoned that the normal increase in circulating GH seen in response to exercise would be blunted in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE'}), StringElement(""We recruited 13 treatment-naïve children with newly diagnosed ADHD and 14 age-matched controls (all male) and measured GH response to an exercise test in which the work was scaled to each subject's physical capability."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('There was no difference in the peak heart rate achieved during exercise between controls and ADHD participants (196.6\xa0±\xa01.5 vs. 196.5\xa0±\xa02.1\xa0bpm, respectively) and lactate response to exercise (53.8\xa0±\xa05.0 vs. 47.9\xa0±\xa03.8\xa0mg/dl, respectively). After exercise, GH increased significantly in the control subjects (p\xa0<\xa00.005), while GH responses were substantially blunted in the ADHD group (p\xa0=\xa0NS) even though the work performed did not differ from controls.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our data suggest that GH excretion after exercise challenge in children with ADHD is impaired. This can be detected using a minimally invasive, nonpharmacologic challenge and may link ADHD with growth impairment in some children.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('NCT00945971.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER'})]"34544344,The Role of Epigenetics in the Pathogenesis and Potential Treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'childhood', 'epigenetics', 'genetics', 'pathogenesis', 'treatment']",['Jacob Peedicayil'],"['There is increasing evidence that dysregulated epigenetic mechanisms of gene expression are involved in the pathogenesis of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This review presents a comprehensive summary of the current state of research on the role of epigenetics in the pathogenesis of ADHD. The potential role of epigenetic drugs in the treatment of ADHD is also reviewed. Several studies suggest that there are epigenetic abnormalities in preclinical models of ADHD and in ADHD patients. Regarding DNA methylation, many studies have reported DNA hypermethylation. There is evidence that there is increased histone deacetylation in ADHD patients. Abnormalities in the expression of microRNAs (miRNAs) in ADHD patients have also been found. Some currently used drugs for treating ADHD, in addition to their more well-established mechanisms of action, have been shown to alter epigenetic mechanisms of gene expression. Clinical trials of epigenetic drugs in patients with ADHD report favorable results. These data suggest that abnormal epigenetic mechanisms of gene expression may be involved in the pathogenesis of ADHD. Drugs acting on epigenetic mechanisms may be a potential new class of drugs for treating ADHD.']"35670758,Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in children born to mothers with infertility: a population-based cohort study.,"[' epidemiology', 'assisted reproductive technology', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'child follow-up', 'infertility', 'neurodevelopment', 'pregnancy', 'risk factors']","['Alexa Fine', 'Natalie Dayan', 'Maya Djerboua', 'Jessica Pudwell', 'Deshayne B Fell', 'Simone N Vigod', 'Joel G Ray', 'Maria P Velez']","[StringElement('Is the risk of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) increased in children born to mothers with infertility, or after receipt of fertility treatment, compared to mothers with unassisted conception?', attributes={'Label': 'STUDY QUESTION', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Infertility itself may be associated with ADHD in the offspring, which is not amplified by the use of fertility treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'SUMMARY ANSWER', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('Infertility, and use of fertility treatment, is common. The long-term neurodevelopmental outcome of a child born to a mother with infertility, including the risk of ADHD, remains unclear.', attributes={'Label': 'WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This population-based cohort study comprised all singleton and multiple hospital births in Ontario, Canada, 2006-2014. Outcomes were assessed up to June 2020.', attributes={'Label': 'STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Linked administrative datasets were used to capture all hospital births in Ontario, maternal health and pregnancy measures, fertility treatment and child outcomes. Included were all children born at ≥24\u2009weeks gestation between 2006 and 2014, and who were alive at age 4\u2009years. The main exposure was mode of conception, namely (i) unassisted conception (reference group), (ii) infertility without fertility treatment (history of an infertility consultation with a physician within 2 years prior to conception but no fertility treatment), (iii) ovulation induction (OI) or intrauterine insemination (IUI) and (iv) IVF or intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI). The main outcome was a diagnosis of ADHD after age 4\u2009years and assessed up to June 2020. Hazard ratios (HRs) were adjusted for maternal age, income quintile, rurality, immigration status, smoking, obesity, parity, any drug or alcohol use, maternal history of mental illness including ADHD, pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus or chronic hypertension and infant sex. In addition, we performed pre-planned stratified analyses by mode of delivery (vaginal or caesarean delivery), infant sex, multiplicity (singleton or multiple), timing of birth (term or preterm <37\u2009weeks) and neonatal adverse morbidity (absent or present).', attributes={'Label': 'PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The study included 925\xa0488 children born to 663\xa0144 mothers, of whom 805\xa0748 (87%) were from an unassisted conception, 94\xa0206 (10.2%) followed infertility but no fertility treatment, 11\xa0777 (1.3%) followed OI/IUI and 13\xa0757 (1.5%) followed IVF/ICSI. Starting at age 4\u2009years, children were followed for a median (interquartile range) of 6 (4-8) years. ADHD occurred among 7.0% of offspring in the unassisted conception group, 7.5% in the infertility without fertility treatment group, 6.8% in the OI/IUI group and 6.3% in the IVF/ICSI group. The incidence rate (per 1000 person-years) of ADHD was 12.0 among children in the unassisted conception group, 12.8 in the infertility without fertility treatment group, 12.9 in the OI/IUI group and 12.2 in the IVF/ICSI group. Relative to the unassisted conception group, the adjusted HR for ADHD was 1.19 (95% CI 1.16-1.22) in the infertility without fertility treatment group, 1.09 (95% CI 1.01-1.17) in the OI/IUI group and 1.12 (95% CI 1.04-1.20) in the IVF/ICSI group. In the stratified analyses, these patterns of risk for ADHD were largely preserved. An exception was seen in the sex-stratified analyses, wherein females had lower absolute rates of ADHD but relatively higher HRs compared with that seen among males.', attributes={'Label': 'MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Some mothers in the isolated infertility group may have received undocumented OI oral therapy, thereby leading to possible misclassification of their exposure status. Parenting behaviour, schooling and paternal mental health measures were not known, leading to potential residual confounding.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('Infertility, even without treatment, is a modest risk factor for the development of ADHD in childhood. The reason underlying this finding warrants further study.', attributes={'Label': 'WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('This study was made possible with funding from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research, Grant number PJT 165840. The authors report no conflict of interest.', attributes={'Label': 'STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S)', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('N/A.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"30124183,Screening for attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptomatology in adult mental health clinics.,"['Adult', 'attention deficit–hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'epidemiology', 'prevalence']","['D Adamis', 'I Graffeo', 'R Kumar', 'D Meagher', ""D O'Neill"", 'O Mulligan', 'S Murthy', ""E O'Mahony"", 'G McCarthy', 'B Gavin', 'F McNicholas']","[StringElement('This study estimates the symptomatology of attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adult mental health services (AMHS) outpatient clinics.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement(""All consecutive patients attending any of the outpatients' clinics in Sligo/Leitrim AMHS were invited to participate. Participants completed the Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS) and the Wender Utah Rating Scale (WURS) self-report. Clinical notes were reviewed to identify those with a pre-existing ADHD diagnosis."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('From 822 attending the clinics, 62 did not meet inclusion criteria, 97 declined to participate and 29 had incomplete data in either of the screening scales, leaving 634 (77%) eligible for full study analysis. Mean age was 40.38 (s.d.: 12.85), and 326 (51.4%) were females. In total, 215 (33.9%) screened positive on the WURS for childhood onset ADHD and 219 (34.5%) participants scored positive on the ASRS. Applying a more stringent criteria of scoring above cut-offs on both scales, suggested 131 (20.7%) screened positive on both. Only three (2.3%) had a prior clinical diagnosis.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This preliminary study suggests the possibility of relatively higher rates of ADHD in a general AMHS than previously thought, however, given the possibility of overlapping symptoms with other major psychiatric disorders in adulthood and recall bias further research is needed before drawing firm conclusions.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33672943,The Association between Low Blood Pressure and Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Observed in Children/Adolescents Does Not Persist into Young Adulthood. A Population-Based Ten-Year Follow-Up Study.,"['ADHD', 'KiGGS study', 'arousal', 'blood pressure', 'children', 'long-term changes', 'young adults']","['Jan Schulz', 'Franziska Huber', 'Robert Schlack', 'Heike Hölling', 'Ulrike Ravens-Sieberer', 'Thomas Meyer', 'Luise Poustka', 'Aribert Rothenberger', 'Biyao Wang', 'Andreas Becker']","[""<i>Background</i>: Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common behavioral disorders in childhood and adolescence associated with relevant psychosocial impairments. The basic pathophysiology of ADHD may be related, at least partly, to a deficit in autonomic arousal processes, which not only influence core symptoms of the disorder, but may also lead to blood pressure (BP) deviations due to altered arousal regulation. <i>Objectives</i>: This study examined long-term changes in BP in children and adolescents with ADHD up to young adulthood. Methods: In children and adolescents aged between 7 and 17 years at baseline, we compared BP recordings in subjects with (<i>n</i> = 1219, 11.1%) and without (<i>n</i> = 9741, 88.9%) ADHD over a 10-year follow-up using data from the nationwide German Health Survey for Children and Adolescents (KiGGS). Propensity score matching was used to improve the comparability between children in the ADHD and control groups with now <i>n</i> = 1.190 in each group. <i>Results</i>: The results of these matched samples revealed that study participants with ADHD showed significantly lower systolic BP (107.6 ± 10.7 mmHg vs. 109.5 ± 10.9 mmHg, <i>p</i> < 0.001, Cohen's d = 0.17) and diastolic BP (64.6 ± 7.5 mmHg vs. 65.8 ± 7.4 mmHg, <i>p</i> < 0.001, Cohen's d = 0.16) at baseline. In a sensitivity analysis with a smaller (<i>n</i> = 272) and more stringently diagnosed ADHD group, the significant differences remained stable with somewhat higher Cohen's d; i.e., 0.25 and 0.27, respectively. However, these differences did not persist after 10-year follow-up in a smaller matched longitudinal sub-group (ADHD <i>n</i> = 273; control <i>n</i> = 323), as subjects with and without ADHD had similar levels of systolic (123.4 ± 10.65 vs. 123.78 ± 11.1 mmHg, <i>p</i> = 0.675, Cohen's d = 0.15) and diastolic BP (71.86 ± 6.84 vs. 71.85 ± 7.06 mmHg, <i>p</i> = 0.992, Cohen's d = 0.16). <i>Conclusions:</i> At baseline, children and adolescents with ADHD had significantly lower BP (of small effect sizes) compared to the non-ADHD group, whereas this difference was no longer detectable at follow-up ten years later. These developmental alterations in BP from adolescence to early adulthood may reflect changes in the state of autonomic arousal, probably modulating the pathophysiology of ADHD.""]"32845025,Practitioner Review: Pharmacological treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms in children and youth with autism spectrum disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['ADHD', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'alpha-2 agonists', 'antipsychotics', 'atomoxetine', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'bupropion', 'hyperactivity', 'impulsivity', 'inattention', 'modafinil.', 'pervasive developmental disorder', 'pharmacotherapy', 'stimulants', 'tricyclic antidepressants', 'venlafaxine']","['Rebecca Rodrigues', 'Meng-Chuan Lai', 'Adam Beswick', 'Daniel A Gorman', 'Evdokia Anagnostou', 'Peter Szatmari', 'Kelly K Anderson', 'Stephanie H Ameis']","[StringElement('Clinically significant attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms are common and impairing in children and youth with autism spectrum disorder(ASD). The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to (a) evaluate the efficacy and safety of pharmacotherapy for the treatment of ADHD symptoms in ASD and (b) distil findings for clinical translation.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We searched electronic databases and clinical trial registries (1992 onwards). We selected randomized controlled trials conducted in participants <25\xa0years of age, diagnosed with ASD that evaluated ADHD outcomes (hyperactivity/impulsivity and inattention) following treatment with stimulants (methylphenidate or amphetamines), atomoxetine, alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonists, antipsychotics, tricyclic antidepressants, bupropion, modafinil, venlafaxine, or a combination, in comparison with placebo, any of the listed medications, or behavioral therapies. Data were pooled using a random-effects model.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Twenty-five studies (4 methylphenidate, 4 atomoxetine, 1 guanfacine, 14 antipsychotic, 1 venlafaxine, and 1 tianeptine) were included. Methylphenidate reduced hyperactivity (parent-rated: standardized mean difference [SMD]\xa0=\xa0-.63, 95%CI\xa0=\xa0-.95,-.30; teacher-rated: SMD\xa0=\xa0-.81, 95%CI\xa0=\xa0-1.43,-.19) and inattention (parent-rated: SMD\xa0=\xa0-.36, 95%CI\xa0=\xa0-.64,-.07; teacher-rated: SMD\xa0=\xa0-.30, 95%CI\xa0=\xa0-.49,-.11). Atomoxetine reduced inattention (parent-rated: SMD\xa0=\xa0-.54, 95%CI = -.98,-.09; teacher/investigator-rated: SMD\xa0=\xa0-0.38, 95%CI\xa0=\xa0-0.75, -0.01) and parent-rated hyperactivity (parent-rated: SMD\xa0=\xa0-.49, 95%CI\xa0=\xa0-.76,-.23; teacher-rated: SMD\xa0=\xa0-.43, 95%CI\xa0=\xa0-.92, .06). Indirect evidence for significant reductions in hyperactivity with second-generation antipsychotics was also found. Quality of evidence for all interventions was low/very low. Methylphenidate was associated with a nonsignificant elevated risk of dropout due to adverse events.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Direct pooled evidence supports the efficacy and tolerability of methylphenidate or atomoxetine for treatment of ADHD symptoms in children and youth with ASD. The current review highlights the efficacy of standard ADHD pharmacotherapy for treatment of ADHD symptoms in children and youth with ASD. Consideration of the benefits weighed against the limitations of safety/efficacy data and lack of data evaluating long-term continuation is undertaken to help guide clinical decision-making regarding treatment of co-occurring ADHD symptoms in children and youth with ASD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"28739027,Undiagnosed attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among unionized drivers in Ghana: Public health and policy implications.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Drivers', 'Ghana', 'Public health', 'Road traffic accidents']","['Thaddeus P Ulzen', 'John C Higginbotham', 'Gordon Donnir', 'Laurence Jerome', 'Al Segal']","[""Road traffic accidents (RTA) are among the leading causes of mortality in sub-Saharan Africa. Many males that drop out of school in Ghana, a population at risk for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), find employment by joining driver's unions. Moreover, the vehicles of Ghanaian unionized drivers are over-represented in fatal road accidents. Untreated ADHD has been linked with higher rates of RTAs. The objectives of this cross-sectional analysis is to determine the following among unionized drivers in Ghana: 1) the prevalence of ADHD, and 2) the association between self-reported ADHD risk and driving behavior. Data comes from participants' responses (200 unionized drivers and 171 community controls) to a 6-item ADHD Self - Report Scale (ASRS), the Driving Behavior Survey (DBS), and a culturally adapted version of the Jerome Driving Questionnaire (JDQ-GH). The self-reported prevalence of ADHD was 17.6% for the unionized drivers and 7.8% for the control group (χ<sup>2</sup>=7.7, df=1, p=0.006). Also, ADHD drivers endorsed that they were more likely to pay bribes to police and having worse driving behaviors across among both unionized drivers and controls. Study findings suggest that increased awareness of ADHD and possible screening of drivers for ADHD with subsequent evaluation and treatment may result in prevention of vehicle accidents.""]"30338900,"""Like parent, like child"": Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder-like characteristics in parents of ADHD cases.","['ADHD', 'CPT', 'DRD4', 'association study', 'endophenotype', 'parents']","['Salvador Trejo', 'Esmeralda Matute', 'María de Lourdes Ramírez-Dueñas', 'Adriana P Mendizabal-Ruiz', 'Yaira Chamorro', 'José A Morales']","['The objective of this study was to characterize an attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) endophenotype in non-affected parents of adolescents with a history of ADHD, based on the relationship between performance on a sustained attention test (continuous performance task, or CPT) and polymorphisms of the DRD4 gene. In a sample of 25 non-affected parents of adolescents with ADHD history obtained from a longitudinal study of a nonclinical population, and 25 non-affected parents of adolescents with no ADHD history, four groups were evaluated with respect to the presence or absence of the long allele polymorphism of the DRD4 gene (i.e., over seven repeats). Comparisons of CPT performance among the four study groups included the number of commission errors, the number of omission errors, mean reaction time on correct responses (MRT), and reaction time (RT) variability (mean standard deviation of RT in each block [SDRT, as variability], and the sigma and tau components of the ex-Gaussian approach). The group of non-affected parents of adolescents with ADHD history and at least one long allele of the DRD4 gene showed greater RT variability (measured by SDRT), which is best explained by the greater frequency of abnormally slow responses (measured by tau). An association between the presence of the long allele of the DRD4 gene polymorphism and ADHD-like failure in CPT performance was evident in the non-affected parents of adolescents with ADHD in childhood. These findings suggest that certain traits of CPT performance could be considered an ADHD endophenotype.']"32603807,Clinical and electroencephalographic features of benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes comorbidity with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in Southwest China.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes', 'Clinical and electroencephalographic features', 'Risk factor']","['Chao Huang', 'Wenguang Hu', 'Ge Tan', 'Yang Xu', 'Ling Liu']","[StringElement('This study was conducted to analyze the clinical and electroencephalographic (EEG) features of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children with benign partial epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BECTS) in Southwest China, to address the question of what the risk factors are for patients with BECTS who suffer from ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE'}), StringElement('Overall 118 right-handed children with BECTS were included from two medical centers. Of them, 29 patients were with diagnosed ADHD according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-V) at baseline, and the remaining were considered as typical BECTS. Clinical and EEG characteristics were collected at baseline and follow-up endpoint of one year. All the patients completed an eight-hour video-electroencephalogram (VEEG) without sedation at those two time points using a digital system with international 10-20 array electrode placement. At the follow-up endpoint, we also evaluated the intelligence level of all patients using the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children-IV (WISC-IV). Multivariate logistical regression model was performed to assess the risk factors of ADHD in BECTS patients.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Compared with typical BECTS, patients with BECTS-ADHD had an earlier age of onset, a longer disease course and tended to have lower intelligence quotient (IQ) scores. Their epileptiform discharges were more likely to diffuse to one or both hemispheres, and a higher percentage of patients with BECTS-ADHD patients needed multitherapy to control seizures. Multivariate analysis showed that age of onset, disease course, intelligence score, number of antiepileptic drugs (AEDs), and bilateral or diffusing discharges were independently associated with the occurrence of ADHD in patients with BECTS (p\u202f<\u202f.05). Additionally, we found that delayed diagnosis (37.3%) and nonadherence to treatment (16.1%) were the main reasons of a long disease course.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Benign partial epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes with ADHD has the characteristics of early age of onset, long course of disease and low intelligence score. In addition, the epileptiform discharges of BECTS-ADHD were prone to be bilateral or diffuse, and polypharmacological treatment is also common in this group.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35899366,Low recognition of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in adult patients admitted to the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit.,"['ADHD', 'Epilepsy Monitoring Unit', 'epilepsy', 'psychogenic nonepileptic seizures']","['Caitlynn Pham', 'Cayla Roy', 'Christine Tang', 'Atul Maheshwari']","[StringElement('Adult patients with epilepsy (PWE) have an 18% prevalence of comorbid attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) compared to a prevalence of 2%-5% in the general population. Recognition of this dual diagnosis is important since stimulant therapy is both safe and effective in this population.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement(""Here, we aim to determine if PWE have adequate documentation for comorbid ADHD when being admitted to the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU). A retrospective review was conducted at the Baylor St. Luke's Medical Center EMU for patients presenting between July 2017 and November 2020. Patients were divided into two groups: Group I-patients without a documented ADHD diagnosis or ADHD medications and Group II-patients with a documented ADHD diagnosis and/or taking medications indicated specifically for ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of 524 individual patients who presented to the EMU, only 25 patients (4.8%) had documentation of a diagnosis of ADHD and/or ADHD medications (Group II). The proportion of patients in Group II did not significantly differ based on the EMU diagnosis. However, there was a significantly greater number of other psychiatric diagnoses (p\xa0=\xa0.005) and a greater number of psychiatric medications prescribed (p\xa0<\xa0.001) in patients in Group II.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our study suggests that ADHD is underrecognized and underdiagnosed in patients presenting to the EMU, and screening tools may be useful to help clinicians address seizure comorbidities such as ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35318300,[Trend in medicines use for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in children and adolescents (2010-2019).],"['Adolescent', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Child', 'Comorbidity', 'Maturity', 'Methylphenidate', 'Pharmacoepidemiology', 'Prevalence', 'Spain']","['Beatriz Prieto Antolín', 'Eduardo Gutiérrez-Abejón', 'Susana Alberola López', 'Jesús María Andrés de Llano']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common childhood neurodevelopmental disorder characterised primarily by three core symptoms: inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity. It is one of the most commonly diagnosed childhood psychiatric disorders, with a worldwide prevalence of between 3% and 5%, and between 6% and 7% in the Spanish population. The aim of the study is to analyse the trend in the consumption of drugs used for the treatment of ADHD between 2010-2019 in Castilla y León.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""Epidemiological registry study of all dispensing in pharmacies in Castilla y León between 2010 and 2019 to patients under 19 years of age, of active substance N06BA04 (methylphenidate), N06BA09 (atomoxetine), N06BA12 (lisdexamfetamine), N06BA07 (modafinil) and C02AC02 (guanfacine). Data on drug use were obtained from the information system for the pharmaceutical provision of Castilla y León, CONCYLIA. Frequencies in absolute values and the corresponding percentages were calculated. Student's t-test was used to estimate differences between continuous variables and Pearson's Chi-square test for categorical variables, while the trend in consumption was analysed using the Cochran-Armitage test."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD medication was dispensed annually to 1.77% of the population, with consumption being more than three times higher in boys than in girls (2.69% vs 0.81%; p=0.001). The age group with the highest peak use was 10-14 years with 3.42%. Methylphenidate was the drug used by the highest percentage of the population (2.44%) followed by lisdexamfetamine (0.37%).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Approximately 2 out of every 100 people aged 0-19 years were treated with some ADHD medication, mainly methylphenidate, in Castilla y León between 2010 and 2019.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34555690,Effects of substance misuse and current family history of substance use disorder on brain structure in adolescents and young adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Cortical thickness', 'Structural imaging', 'Subcortical volume', 'Substance misuse', 'Substance use disorder']","['Martina Novi', 'Maria Paraskevopoulou', 'Daan Van Rooij', 'Aart H Schene', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Arnt F A Schellekens']","[StringElement('Alterations in brain structure in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) show considerable overlap with those observed in substance use disorder (SUD). These overlapping structural alterations in ADHD and SUD might be explained by family history (FH-trait) effects of SUD, and/or substance misuse (state) effects. Our aim was to investigate effects of 1) current parental SUD (SUD-FH) and 2) recent substance misuse (SM) on brain structure in a cohort of ADHD patients and controls.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Cortical thickness and subcortical volumes were measured using structural MRI. We compared ADHD subjects and controls with or without SUD-FH (aim 1) and additionally explored differences between SUD-FH- and SUD-FH + subjects with one versus two parents with SUD. We also compared ADHD groups with and without SM (ADHD + SM and ADHD-only, respectively) and controls (aim 2).', attributes={'Label': 'DESIGN'}), StringElement('There was no association between SUD-FH and brain structure. Exploratory analysis on SUD-FH showed decreased IFG thickness (p = 0.032) and nucleus accumbens (NAcc) volume (p = 0.017) in subjects with two versus one SUD parent, regardless of ADHD. ADHD + SM showed decreased inferior frontal gyrus (IFG) thickness compared to controls (pars opercularis p = 0.025, pars orbitalis p = 0.010, pars triangularis p = 0.049), while no difference was found between ADHD-only and either ADHD + SM or controls.', attributes={'Label': 'FINDINGS'}), StringElement('Despite negative findings in the primary trait-analysis, exploratory trait-analysis on SUD-FH loading suggested potential SUD trait-effects on IFG thickness and NAcc volume. Substance misuse state effects in ADHD were linked to lower IFG thickness. Future studies should confirm these findings and investigate their clinical relevance, including the functional consequences of decreased IFG thickness.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33866622,"Prenatal exposure to non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and risk of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A follow-up study in the Norwegian mother, father and child cohort.","['Medical Birth Registry of Norway', 'Norwegian mother', 'anti-inflammatory agents', 'attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'father and child cohort study', 'non-steroidal', 'prenatal exposure delayed effects']","['Sarah Hjorth', 'Angela Lupattelli', 'Marte Handal', 'Olav Spigset', 'Eivind Ystrom', 'Hedvig Nordeng']","[StringElement('To estimate the association between Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in children in preschool and primary school, and prenatal exposure to non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) by timing and duration.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE'}), StringElement(""This study was based on the Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study linked to the Medical Birth Registry of Norway, the Norwegian Patient Registry (NPR) and the Norwegian Prescription Database (NorPD). NSAID exposure was identified by maternal self-report in pregnancy. Child diagnosis of ADHD was obtained from NPR and NorPD. Symptoms of ADHD at age 5\u2009years were measured using Conners' Parent Rating Scale-Revised, where higher scores correspond to more symptoms. To account for time-varying exposure and confounders, marginal structural models were fitted to estimate hazard ratios and mean difference in z-scores."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The analyses on ADHD diagnosis and ADHD symptoms included 56\u2009340 and 34\u2009961 children respectively. Children exposed to NSAIDs prenatally had no increased risk of ADHD diagnosis (first trimester: HR 1.12, 95% CI 0.86;1.45, second trimester: HR 0.98, 95% CI 0.69;1.38, third trimester: HR 0.68, 95% CI 0.31; 1.46) or ADHD symptoms (first trimester: standardized mean difference 0.03, 95% CI -0.03;0.09, second trimester: standardized mean difference 0.03, 95% CI -0.04;0.11, third trimester: standardized mean difference 0.11, 95% CI -0.03; 0.25). There was no duration-response relationship for either outcome.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Though non-differential misclassification of the exposure may have attenuated results, these findings are reassuring and suggest no substantially increased risk of ADHD diagnosis or symptoms in children prenatally exposed to NSAIDs, regardless of timing or duration.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"26879095,Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Children and Adolescents With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): A Pilot Study.,"['attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'dorsolateral prefrontal cortex', 'neuromodulation', 'noninvasive brain stimulation', 'transcranial direct current stimulation']","['Igor Dórea Bandeira', 'Rachel Silvany Quadros Guimarães', 'João Gabriel Jagersbacher', 'Thiago Lima Barretto', 'Jéssica Regina de Jesus-Silva', 'Samantha Nunes Santos', 'Nayara Argollo', 'Rita Lucena']","['Studies investigating the possible benefits of transcranial direct current stimulation on left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in children and adolescents with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have not been performed. This study assesses the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation in children and adolescents with ADHD on neuropsychological tests of visual attention, visual and verbal working memory, and inhibitory control. An auto-matched clinical trial was performed involving transcranial direct current stimulation in children and adolescents with ADHD, using SNAP-IV and subtests Vocabulary and Cubes of the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children III (WISC-III). Subjects were assessed before and after transcranial direct current stimulation sessions with the Digit Span subtest of the WISC-III, inhibitory control subtest of the NEPSY-II, Corsi cubes, and the Visual Attention Test (TAVIS-3). There were 9 individuals with ADHD according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (Fifth Edition) criteria. There was statistically significant difference in some aspects of TAVIS-3 tests and the inhibitory control subtest of NEPSY-II. Transcranial direct current stimulation can be related to a more efficient processing speed, improved detection of stimuli, and improved ability to switch between an ongoing activity and a new one.']"28332277,Sequencing of sporadic Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) identifies novel and potentially pathogenic de novo variants and excludes overlap with genes associated with autism spectrum disorder.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'autism spectrum disorder (ASD)', 'exome sequencing', 'intellectual disability (ID)', 'molecular inversion probe (MIP) sequencing', 'sporadic ADHD']","['Daniel Seung Kim', 'Amber A Burt', 'Jane E Ranchalis', 'Beth Wilmot', 'Joshua D Smith', 'Karynne E Patterson', 'Bradley P Coe', 'Yatong K Li', 'Michael J Bamshad', 'Molly Nikolas', 'Evan E Eichler', 'James M Swanson', 'Joel T Nigg', 'Deborah A Nickerson', 'Gail P Jarvik']","['Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) has high heritability; however, studies of common variation account for <5% of ADHD variance. Using data from affected participants without a family history of ADHD, we sought to identify de novo variants that could account for sporadic ADHD. Considering a total of 128 families, two analyses were conducted in parallel: first, in 11 unaffected parent/affected proband trios (or quads with the addition of an unaffected sibling) we completed exome sequencing. Six de novo missense variants at highly conserved bases were identified and validated from four of the 11 families: the brain-expressed genes TBC1D9, DAGLA, QARS, CSMD2, TRPM2, and WDR83. Separately, in 117 unrelated probands with sporadic ADHD, we sequenced a panel of 26 genes implicated in intellectual disability (ID) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) to evaluate whether variation in ASD/ID-associated genes were also present in participants with ADHD. Only one putative deleterious variant (Gln600STOP) in CHD1L was identified; this was found in a single proband. Notably, no other nonsense, splice, frameshift, or highly conserved missense variants in the 26 gene panel were identified and validated. These data suggest that de novo variant analysis in families with independently adjudicated sporadic ADHD diagnosis can identify novel genes implicated in ADHD pathogenesis. Moreover, that only one of the 128 cases (0.8%, 11 exome, and 117 MIP sequenced participants) had putative deleterious variants within our data in 26 genes related to ID and ASD suggests significant independence in the genetic pathogenesis of ADHD as compared to ASD and ID phenotypes. © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.']"33756252,Program for attention rehabilitation and strengthening (PARS) improves executive functions in children with attention deficit- hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['Attention deficit- hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Attention training', 'Cognitive rehabilitation', 'Executive functions', 'Program for attention rehabilitation and strengthening (PARS)']",['Vahid Nejati'],"['Attention is improved through cognitive rehabilitation. The purpose of the present study was the evaluation of the effect of a paper and pencil program for attention rehabilitation and strengthening (PARS) in children with ADHD. Thirty children with ADHD were randomly divided into two equal intervention and control groups. The intervention group received 12-15 sessions of intervention through PARS. Sustained, selective, and shifting attention, inhibitory control, and working memory were assessed by Persian attention registration, Stroop, color trail making, Go/No-Go, and 1- back tests. Analyses indicated that the experimental group, in comparison with the control group, showed improved selective and sustained attention and the training effects transfers to executive functions, inhibitory control and working memory. The result is discussed in the light of transferability of training effects from attention to executive functions.']"34655657,Oculomotor deficits in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): A systematic review and comprehensive meta-analysis.,"['ADHD', 'Inhibition', 'Motor coordination', 'Oculomotor', 'Working memory']","['Dalia N Maron', 'Steven J Bowe', 'Megan Spencer-Smith', 'Olivia J Mellahn', 'Kelsey Perrykkad', 'Mark A Bellgrove', 'Beth P Johnson']","['Atypical motor coordination and cognitive processes, such as response inhibition and working memory, have been extensively researched in individuals with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Oculomotor neural circuits overlap extensively with regions involved in motor planning and cognition, therefore studies of oculomotor function may offer unique insights into motor and cognitive control in ADHD. We performed a series of pairwise meta-analyses based on data from 26 oculomotor studies in ADHD to examine whether there were differences in performance on visually-guided saccade, gap, antisaccade, memory-guided, pursuit eye movements and fixation tasks. These analyses revealed oculomotor disturbances in ADHD, particularly for difficulties relating to saccade inhibition, memorizing visual target locations and initiating antisaccades. There was no evidence for pursuit eye movement disturbances or saccade dysmetria. Investigating oculomotor abnormalities in ADHD may provide insight into top-down cognitive control processes and motor control, and may serve as a promising biomarker in ADHD research and clinical practice.']"31339400,"Mullerian inhibiting substance, sex hormone binding globulin and sex hormone levels in stimulant-naïve, first-diagnosed prepubertal boys with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: comparison with matched healthy controls as well as before and after oros-methylpenidate treatment.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Müllerian inhibiting substance', 'sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG)', 'sex hormones']","['Cem Gokcen', 'Ayse Binnur Erbagci', 'Tuba Mutluer', 'Mustafa Orkmez', 'Christoph U Correll']","['<b>Objectives:</b> Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a complex neurodevelopmental disorder with strong male predominance. Since Müllerian Inhibiting Substance (MIS) produces sex-linked bias in animal studies, we aimed to investigate the role of MIS, Sex Hormone Binding Globulin (SHBG) and sex hormone levels in boys with ADHD.<b>Methods:</b> We compared prepubertal, psychostimulant-naïve boys with ADHD with age-matched healthy control boys (HCs). Patients were re-evaluated after 30\u2009days of methylphenidate treatment assessing ADHD severity, and serum MIS, testosterone, estradiol, and albumin concentrations.<b>Results:</b> Compared to 30 HCs, with ADHD (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u200949, age = 6.9\u2009±\u20090.2\u2009years) had lower SHBG (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u2009.014), and higher free testosterone (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.006) and bioavailable testosterone (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u2009.002) percentages. Methylphenidate improved ADHD measures (all <i>p</i>\u2009<\u2009.0001) and abnormal baseline hormonal levels, increasing SHBG levels (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u2009.024), and lowering free (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u2009.001) and bioavailable testosterone (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u2009.016) percentages so that only free testosterone percentages remained higher versus HCs post-treatment (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u2009.02).<b>Conclusions:</b> Compared to age- and sex-matched HCs, prepubertal, stimulant-naïve boys with ADHD had significantly lower SHBG and higher free and bioavailable testosterone percentages, suggesting a possible contribution of sex hormones to ADHD. Osmotic-release oral system methylphenidate treatment for 30\u2009days significantly improved ADHD symptoms and abnormal sex hormone levels, normalizing SHBG and bioavailable testosterone percentages that were similar to HCs while free testosterone remained elevated versus HCs.Key pointsCompare to healthy matched controls prepubertal stimulant-naïve boys with ADHD had significantly lower SHBG and higher free and bioavailable testosterone percentages, suggesting a possible effect on sex hormones to ADHD.After 30-day methylphenidate treatment, ADHD symptoms significantly improved, and SHBG and bioavailable testosterone percentages normalized which were similar to HCs, while free testosterone remained elevated versus HCs.We found a negative relationship between MIS levels and hyperactivity scores in ADHD boys. This finding suggests that MIS may contribute to hyperactivity symptoms, either directly by affecting behavior or indirectly by affecting sex hormone levels.']"30927163,"The interplay of delay aversion, timing skills, and impulsivity in children experiencing attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms.","['ADHD symptoms', 'Delay aversion', 'Dimensionality', 'Impulsivity', 'Timing skills']","['Friederike Blume', 'Jan Kuehnhausen', 'Tilman Reinelt', 'Andrea Wirth', 'Wolfgang A Rauch', 'Christina Schwenck', 'Caterina Gawrilow']","[""Impulsive behaviours occurring as a central deficit in connection with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are associated with social and academic impairment in children. Whereas impulsivity was shown to be related to both delay aversion and deficient timing skills, the mutual relation between the latter two has hardly been investigated. The present study therefore examined the interplay of delay aversion, timing skills, and impulsivity in a sample of eighty-eight children aged between seven and fourteen, twenty-one of them diagnosed with ADHD. Children participated in a delay aversion and a tapping task, while parents reported about their impulsiveness. The results showed that both delay aversion and deficient timing skills were related to impulsivity. Contrasting prior assumptions, delay aversion and timing skills were also shown to be related, even when controlling for impulsivity. Implications for interventions aiming to reduce children's impulsivity as well as methodological considerations regarding whether to view ADHD as a category or a continuum are discussed.""]"26936058,Guanfacine Use in Children With Down Syndrome and Comorbid Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) With Disruptive Behaviors.,"['Alpha2a-adrenergic agonist', 'Down syndrome', 'aggression', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'disruptive behavior', 'guanfacine', 'intellectual disability']","['George T Capone', 'Liza Brecher', 'Mihee Bay']","['The purpose of this study was to characterize children with Down syndrome and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) with disruptive behaviors using the Aberrant Behavior Checklist (ABC), and to measure the treatment effects of guanfacine on maladaptive behaviors. Subjects were enrolled from a group of outpatients who visited our clinic between 2002 and 2007. Subjects (N = 23) were children with Down syndrome ages 4 to 12 years (mean 7.4 ± 4.1), who met criteria for ADHD according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition The Aberrant Behavior Checklist Irritability and Hyperactivity subscales each showed a significant decrease (P < .0001) at follow-up. The mean decline on Hyperactivity was 25% (-7.8 points), and for Irritability, 25% (-3.5 points). The mean composite score also declined by 24% (-12 points). Effect size differences on Irritability were moderate, whereas differences on Hyperactivity and composite score appeared large. Clinically important target behaviors were reduced. Medication was generally well tolerated and the incidence of treatment emergent side effects remained low.']"34454990,Altered cortical activation associated with mirror overflow driven by non-dominant hand movement in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Event-related desynchronization', 'Hand skill asymmetry', 'Mirror overflow']","['Yu Luo', 'Christine Chen', 'Jack H Adamek', 'Deana Crocetti', 'Stewart H Mostofsky', 'Joshua B Ewen']","['Mirror overflow is involuntary movement that accompanies unilateral voluntary movement on the opposite side of the body, and is commonly seen in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). Children with ADHD show asymmetry in mirror overflow between dominant and non-dominant hand, yet there are competing mechanistic accounts of why this occurs. Using EEG during a sequential, unimanual finger-tapping task, we found that children with ADHD exhibited significantly more mirror overflow than typically developing (TD) controls, especially during the tapping of the non-dominant hand. Furthermore, source-level EEG oscillation analysis revealed that children with ADHD showed decreased alpha (8-12\xa0Hz) event-related desynchronization (ERD) compared with controls in both hemispheres, but only during tapping of the non-dominant hand. Moreover, only the ERD ipsilateral to the mirror overflow during non-dominant hand movement correlated with both magnitude of overflow movements and higher ADHD symptom severity (Conners ADHD Hyperactivity/Impulsiveness scale) in children with ADHD. TD controls did not show these relationships. Our findings suggest that EEG differences in finger-tapping in ADHD are related primarily to voluntary movement in the non-dominant hand. Our results are also consistent with the Ipsilateral Corticospinal Tract (CST) Hypothesis, which posits that the atypical persistence of mirror overflow in ADHD may originate in the sensorimotor areas ipsilateral to mirror overflow and be transmitted via non-decussating CST fibers.']"32535117,Association of maternal diabetes with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in offspring: A meta-analysis and review.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Diabetes', 'Maternal', 'Meta', 'Offspring']","['Dan Guo', 'Rong Ju', 'Qifan Zhou', 'Jinxian Mao', 'Hui Tao', 'Hui Jing', 'Chen Zhu', 'Jiazhen Dai']","[StringElement('Researches on the relationship between maternal pregestational or gestational diabetes and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in offspring provided inconsistent findings; therefore, we performed an updated and comprehensive literature review and meta-analysis to evaluate the available evidence.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Relevant articles in Pubmed, Web of Science, Cochrane, Embase, and Wanfang database published until January 2019 were searched without language restriction. We performed a meta-analysis about maternal pregestational and gestational diabetes and risk of ADHD in offspring using odds ratio (OR), relative risk (RR), hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) extracted from each study.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOLDS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Seven articles were included in this study and a total of 3,169,529 participants were accumulated. We found maternal pregestational diabetes increased the risk of ADHD in offspring by 44% (95% CI was 1.32-1.57).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Maternal pregestational diabetes is a potential adverse risk of ADHD in offspring. Considering the limited amount of reliable information availabe. In the future, more in-depth and detailed researches, especially population-based prospective cohort studies, are needed to explore this topic more comprehensively.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35107194,Quantitative susceptibility mapping shows lower brain iron content in children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'brain', 'iron', 'magnetic resonance imaging', 'quantitative susceptibility mapping']","['Shilong Tang', 'Guanping Zhang', 'Qiying Ran', 'Lisha Nie', 'Xianfan Liu', 'Zhengxia Pan', 'Ling He']","['To investigate the feasibility of quantitative susceptibility mapping in children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), 53 children with ADHD aged 5-16\u2009years were prospectively selected as the study group and 49 healthy children matched with age and gender were selected as the control group. All children underwent magnetic resonance imaging conventional sequence, 3D-T1, and enhanced T2*-weighted magnetic resonance angiography (ESWAN) sequence scanning. The iron content of brain regions was obtained through software postprocessing, and the iron content of brain regions of children with ADHD and healthy children was compared and analyzed to find out the characteristics of the iron content of brain regions of children with ADHD. The iron content in frontal lobe, globus pallidus, caudate nucleus, substantia nigra, putamen, and hippocampus of children with ADHD was lower than that of healthy children (p\u2009<\u2009.05). There was no significant difference in the content of iron in the left and right brain regions of children with ADHD (p\u2009>\u2009.05). The volume of frontal lobe and hippocampus of children with ADHD was lower than that of healthy children (p\u2009<\u2009.05). Iron content in brain areas such as globus pallidus, caudate nucleus, hippocampus, and putamen could distinguish children with ADHD (Area under curve [AUC]\u2009>\u20090.5, p\u2009<\u2009.05). Quantitative susceptibility mapping showed decreased iron content in some brain regions of children with ADHD.']"28534274,Exploring the Validity of Proposed Transgenic Animal Models of Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Animal model', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Transgenic', 'Validity']","['June Bryan de la Peña', 'Irene Joy Dela Peña', 'Raly James Custodio', 'Chrislean Jun Botanas', 'Hee Jin Kim', 'Jae Hoon Cheong']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common, behavioral, and heterogeneous neurodevelopmental condition characterized by hyperactivity, impulsivity, and inattention. Symptoms of this disorder are managed by treatment with methylphenidate, amphetamine, and/or atomoxetine. The cause of ADHD is unknown, but substantial evidence indicates that this disorder has a significant genetic component. Transgenic animals have become an essential tool in uncovering the genetic factors underlying ADHD. Although they cannot accurately reflect the human condition, they can provide insights into the disorder that cannot be obtained from human studies due to various limitations. An ideal animal model of ADHD must have face (similarity in symptoms), predictive (similarity in response to treatment or medications), and construct (similarity in etiology or underlying pathophysiological mechanism) validity. As the exact etiology of ADHD remains unclear, the construct validity of animal models of ADHD would always be limited. The proposed transgenic animal models of ADHD have substantially increased and diversified over the years. In this paper, we compiled and explored the validity of proposed transgenic animal models of ADHD. Each of the reviewed transgenic animal models has strengths and limitations. Some fulfill most of the validity criteria of an animal model of ADHD and have been extensively used, while there are others that require further validation. Nevertheless, these transgenic animal models of ADHD have provided and will continue to provide valuable insights into the genetic underpinnings of this complex disorder.']"30226410,"Working memory and behavioral inhibition in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): an examination of varied central executive demands, construct overlap, and task impurity.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'behavioral inhibition', 'go/no-go task', 'stop-signal task', 'working memory']","['Stephanie J Tarle', 'R Matt Alderson', 'Connor H G Patros', 'Elaine F Arrington', 'Delanie K Roberts']","[""The stop-signal paradigm is the premier metric of behavioral inhibition in contemporary attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) research. The stop-signal paradigm's choice-reaction time component, however, arguably places greater demands on working memory processes (e.g., controlled-focused attention) relative to alternative inhibition metrics (i.e., go/no-go (GNG) tasks), and consequently obscures conclusions about inhibition and working memory deficits in affected children. The current study, therefore, aimed to determine whether shared variance between stop-signal behavioral inhibition and working memory performance in children with ADHD reflects overlap between the working memory and inhibition constructs or insufficient specificity of the stop-signal paradigm. Fifty-five children (8-12 years) with and without ADHD were administered established phonological (PH) and visuospatial (VS) working memory measures, as well as stop-signal and GNG tasks that vary with respect to demands on controlled-focused attention. Although working memory and GNG performance each uniquely predicted children's inattention, stop-signal task performance was not a significant predictor of unique variance in inattention, above and beyond variance associated with working memory. Collectively, these findings suggest that performance on the stop-signal task, compared to the GNG task, is confounded by greater demands associated with working memory and consequently reflects an impure estimate of the inhibition construct.""]"36227598,Association of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Diagnosis With Adolescent Quality of Life.,[],"['Luise Kazda', 'Kevin McGeechan', 'Katy Bell', 'Rae Thomas', 'Alexandra Barratt']","[StringElement('Appropriate diagnosis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) can improve some short-term outcomes in children and adolescents, but little is known about the association of a diagnosis with their quality of life (QOL).', attributes={'Label': 'Importance', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('To compare QOL in adolescents with and without an ADHD diagnosis.', attributes={'Label': 'Objective', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('This cohort study followed an emulated target trial design using prospective, observational data from the Longitudinal Study of Australian Children, a representative, population-based prospective cohort study with biennial data collection from 2006 to 2018 with 8 years of follow-up (ages 6-7 to 14-15 years). Propensity score matching was used to ensure children with and without ADHD diagnosis were well matched on a wide range of variables, including hyperactive/inattentive (H/I) behaviors. Eligible children were born in 1999 to 2000 or 2003 to 2004 and did not have a previous ADHD diagnosis. All incident ADHD cases were matched with controls. Data were analyzed from July 2021 to January 2022.', attributes={'Label': 'Design, Setting, and Participants', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('Incident parent-reported ADHD diagnosis at age 6 to 7, 8 to 9, 10 to 11, 12 to 13, or 14 to 15.', attributes={'Label': 'Exposures', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement(""Quality of life at age 14 to 15 was measured with Child Health Utility 9D (CHU9D) and 8 other prespecified, self-reported measures mapped to the World Health Organization's QOL domains. Pooled regression models were fitted for each outcome, with 95% CIs and P values calculated using bootstrapping to account for matching and repeat observations."", attributes={'Label': 'Main Outcomes and Measures', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('Of 8643 eligible children, a total of 393 adolescents had an ADHD diagnosis (284 [72.2%] boys; mean [SD] age, 10.03 [0.30] years; mean [SD] H/I Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire score, 5.05 [2.29]) and were age-, sex-, and H/I score-matched with 393 adolescents without ADHD diagnosis at time zero. Compared with adolescents without diagnosis, those with an ADHD diagnosis reported similar QOL on CHU9D (mean difference, -0.03; 95% CI, -0.07 to 0.01; P\u2009=\u2009.10), general health (mean difference, 0.11; 95% CI, -0.04 to 0.27; P\u2009=\u2009.15), happiness (mean difference, -0.18; 95% CI, -0.37 to 0.00; P\u2009=\u2009.05), and peer trust (mean difference, 0.65; 95% CI, 0.00 to 1.30; P\u2009=\u2009.05). Diagnosed adolescents had worse psychological sense of school membership (mean difference, -2.58; 95% CI, -1.13 to -4.06; P\u2009<\u2009.001), academic self-concept (mean difference, -0.14; 95% CI, -0.02 to -0.26; P\u2009=\u2009.02), and self-efficacy (mean difference, -0.20; 95% CI, -0.05 to -0.33; P\u2009=\u2009.007); displayed more negative social behaviors (mean difference, 1.56; 95% CI, 0.55 to 2.66; P\u2009=\u2009.002); and were more likely to harm themselves (odds ratio, 2.53; 95% CI, 1.49 to 4.37; P\u2009<\u2009.001) than adolescents without diagnosis.', attributes={'Label': 'Results', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement(""In this cohort study, ADHD diagnosis was not associated with any self-reported improvements in adolescents' QOL compared with adolescents with similar levels of H/I behaviors but no ADHD diagnosis. ADHD diagnosis was associated with worse scores in some outcomes, including significantly increased risk of self-harm. A large, randomized clinical trial with long-term follow-up is needed."", attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions and Relevance', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'})]"34688509,Sleep quality in children and adolescents with attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder', 'Pediatric', 'Sleep quality']","['Dilşad Yıldız Miniksar', 'Mikail Özdemir']","['Sleep disturbances are associated with an increased risk of attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), which can also lead to sleep problems. In this study we aimed to determine the variables that affect the relationship between ADHD and sleep quality. Moreover, we aimed to compare these variables in children and adolescents with ADHD and healthy controls. This cross-sectional study was conducted using a random sample of 122 ADHD patients and 100 healthy children in Turkey. A self-administered questionnaire was distributed to assess sleep quality using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI). The risk of impairment in sleep quality was associated with the presence of ADHD (OR: 13.3; 95% CI: 6.1-29.1), the presence of somatic disease (OR: 4.9; 95% CI: 1.9-12.2), and a family history of the psychiatric disorder (OR: 4.2; 95% CI: 1.3-13.1). The PSQI total score was higher in children with parental separation compared to those without parental separation (p=0.006). As the economic level of the participants decreased, the PSQI total score increased significantly (p=0.006). It was determined that combined-type ADHD was associated with impairment in sleep quality more than the other subtypes (p<0.001 and p=0.031, respectively). Our findings show that children with ADHD have significantly more sleep problems than healthy controls and that sociodemographic variables and familial characteristics affect sleep quality in healthy children and children with ADHD.']"31981938,Trends in incidence rates of diagnosed attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) over 12 years in Taiwan: A nationwide population-based study.,"['ADHD', 'Age', 'Gender', 'Incidence', 'Subtype', 'Time trend']","['Charles Lung-Cheng Huang', 'Jhi-Joung Wang', 'Chung-Han Ho']","['We investigated time trends in the incidence rate (IR) of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) across the lifespan and potential factors affecting them using a Taiwanese population-based database. IR per 10,000 person-years (PY) of newly diagnosed ADHD based on ICD-9-CM was calculated annually for the total population, gender, 5 age groups, and 3 ADHD subtypes from 2000 to 2011. Among the 265,932 patients, IR increased from 7.92 to 13.92; the male-to-female ratio decreased from 3.61 to 2.90. The largest increase in IR was noted in young adults (19-30 years), followed by preschoolers (0-6 years), while the smallest increase was in adults (>31 years). The IR trends showed a more prominent increase in males than females among children, adolescents, and young adults, yet a reserved relationship existed among adults, with a more prominent increase in women. The combined type of ADHD exhibited a prominently increasing trend in the child/adolescent group (age≦18) and the inattentive type ADHD in the adult group (age>18). In conclusion, the ADHD IR is increasing with distinct differences among age, sex, and subtypes. The diminishing gap between those who need treatment and those actually treated might partly contribute to this trend, especially among young adults, preschoolers, and females.']"29981005,Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in Brazilian patients with phenylketonuria.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Inborn error of metabolism', 'Phenylalanine', 'Phenylketonuria']","['Fernanda Gabriel Santos da Silva', 'Filippo Pinto E Vairo', 'Carolina Fischinger Moura de Souza', 'Ida Vanessa Doederlein Schwartz']","['Recent studies have shown that patients with phenylketonuria (PKU), even with the early diagnosis and continuous treatment, may have symptoms of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and that the prevalence of ADHD in this population would be higher than in the general population. This study aims to determine the prevalence of ADHD in a sample of PKU patients from Southern Brazil. Patients were prospectively assessed by clinical interviews, neurological examination, and application of the MTA-SNAP-IV scales for patients aged 5-17\xa0years and the Adult Self-Report Scale for patients over 17\xa0years. Thirty-one patients (mean age\u2009=\u200917.4; early diagnosis\u2009=\u200927) were followed. Patients with ADHD and younger than 17\xa0years had a median Phe in the last 6\xa0months of life higher than those without the diagnosis of ADHD (ADHD patients\u2009=\u2009617.1\xa0µmol/L, no-ADHD patients 393.2\xa0µmol/L, and p\u2009=\u20090.03). There was a predominantly hyperactive/impulsivity clinical presentation of ADHD (n\u2009=\u20094/5 patients), which differs from that reported elsewhere in the literature. Future studies are essential to better define the clinical presentation of ADHD in these patients and further elucidate its pathophysiology.']"35690720,An electronic health record (EHR) phenotype algorithm to identify patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorders (ADHD) and psychiatric comorbidities.,[],"['Isabella Slaby', 'Heather S Hain', 'Debra Abrams', 'Frank D Mentch', 'Joseph T Glessner', 'Patrick M A Sleiman', 'Hakon Hakonarson']","[StringElement('In over half of pediatric cases, ADHD presents with comorbidities, and often, it is unclear whether the symptoms causing impairment are due to the comorbidity or the underlying ADHD. Comorbid conditions increase the likelihood for a more severe and persistent course and complicate treatment decisions. Therefore, it is highly important to establish an algorithm that identifies ADHD and comorbidities in order to improve research on ADHD using biorepository and other electronic record data.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""It is feasible to accurately distinguish between ADHD in isolation from ADHD with comorbidities using an electronic algorithm designed to include other psychiatric disorders. We sought to develop an EHR phenotype algorithm to discriminate cases with ADHD in isolation from cases with ADHD with comorbidities more effectively for efficient future searches in large biorepositories. We developed a multi-source algorithm allowing for a more complete view of the patient's EHR, leveraging the biobank of the Center for Applied Genomics (CAG) at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP). We mined EHRs from 2009 to 2016 using International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems (ICD) codes, medication history and keywords specific to ADHD, and comorbid psychiatric disorders to facilitate genotype-phenotype correlation efforts. Chart abstractions and behavioral surveys added evidence in support of the psychiatric diagnoses. Most notably, the algorithm did not exclude other psychiatric disorders, as is the case in many previous algorithms. Controls lacked psychiatric and other neurological disorders. Participants enrolled in various CAG studies at CHOP and completed a broad informed consent, including consent for prospective analyses of EHRs. We created and validated an EHR-based algorithm to classify ADHD and comorbid psychiatric status in a pediatric healthcare network to be used in future genetic analyses and discovery-based studies."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In this retrospective case-control study that included data from 51,293 subjects, 5840 ADHD cases were discovered of which 46.1% had ADHD alone and 53.9% had ADHD with psychiatric comorbidities. Our primary study outcome was to examine whether the algorithm could identify and distinguish ADHD exclusive cases from ADHD comorbid cases. The results indicate ICD codes coupled with medication searches revealed the most cases. We discovered ADHD-related keywords did not increase yield. However, we found including ADHD-specific medications increased our number of cases by 21%. Positive predictive values (PPVs) were 95% for ADHD cases and 93% for controls.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We established a new algorithm and demonstrated the feasibility of the electronic algorithm approach to accurately diagnose ADHD and comorbid conditions, verifying the efficiency of our large biorepository for further genetic discovery-based analyses.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'}), StringElement('ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02286817 . First posted on 10 November 2014.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION'}), StringElement('gov, NCT02777931 . First posted on 19 May 2016.', attributes={'Label': 'CLINICALTRIALS'}), StringElement('gov, NCT03006367 . First posted on 30 December 2016.', attributes={'Label': 'CLINICALTRIALS'}), StringElement('gov, NCT02895906 . First posted on 12 September 2016.', attributes={'Label': 'CLINICALTRIALS'})]"34968870,Psychometric validation of Barkley's Adult Sluggish Cognitive Tempo (SCT) Ratings Scale -Turkish version and distinguishing SCT from attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among Turkish adults.,"['Adults', 'Attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder', 'Reliability', 'Sluggish cognitive tempo', 'Validity']","['Ahmet Gul', 'Hesna Gul']","[StringElement(""SCT is characterized by sluggishness, daydreaming, lethargy/ apathy, slowed behavior/thinking, and mental confusion. For a long time these symptoms were thought to be a part of ADHD but then studies revealed that SCT is a different phenomenon in some cultures. In this study. we aimed to examine the validity and reliability of Barkley's Adult SCT Ratings Scale, and to determine if SCT is an independent factor from ADHD in Turkish adults like in other cultures."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND & AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('274 Medical School students/trainees enrolled the study (Age: 18-35, 70.4 % female). Data was collected via an online survey including SCT and ADHD rating scales.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Exploratory factor analysis demonstrated that the scale consisted of two factors: Daydreaming and Sluggishness.The model demonstrated a good-fit (χ<sup>2</sup> = 43.642, p = 0.001; χ<sup>2</sup>/df = 2.425, GFI = 0.962,RMSEA = 0.072). As expected, there were positive and significant associations between SCT total, Daydreaming, Sluggishness, and ADHD-Inattention scores (r = 0.645, 0.664, 0.382; respectively), but all SCT items loaded within SCT factors and distinquished from ADHD factors. Cronbach's alpha values were: 0.87 for SCT-total, 0.87 for Daydreaming; 0.79 for Sluggishness."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our study provides a valid and reliable SCT screening tool for Turkish adults and increases our confidence in the transcultural generalizability of SCT.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION & IMPLICATIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35704876,Can Neurocognitive Outcomes Assist Measurement-Based Care for Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analyses of the Relationships Among the Changes in Neurocognitive Functions and Clinical Outcomes of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Pharmacological and Cognitive Training Interventions.,"['ADHD', 'attention', 'clinical outcomes', 'cognitive training', 'inhibition', 'neurocognition', 'objective treatment outcomes', 'pharmacological interventions', 'reaction time', 'reaction time variability', 'short-term memory', 'stimulant medications', 'subjective treatment outcomes', 'working memory']","['Seungjae Lee', 'Thomas R Hill', 'Beth Johnson', 'Renee Testa', 'Vishnu Priya', 'Megan Spencer-Smith', 'David Coghill']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common neurodevelopmental conditions among school-age children. Early intervention and ongoing evaluation of treatment effectiveness are essential to minimize the life-long negative impact of ADHD. Neurocognitive functions have been reported to improve with pharmacological and cognitive training interventions for children with ADHD. We evaluated the value of measuring change in neurocognitive functions following ADHD interventions as a treatment outcome. We systematically reviewed randomized control trials of two distinctive types of ADHD interventions-pharmacological treatments and cognitive training-and summarized the changes in neurocognitive and clinical outcomes using a series of meta-analyses. Both pharmacological and cognitive training interventions showed positive effects on some aspects of neurocognitive functions. However, there were no significant correlations between changes in neurocognitive function (e.g., inhibition) and changes in ADHD behavioral symptoms (e.g., impulsive behavior). Although the associations between changes in neurocognitive function and clinical outcomes are not well studied, based on current findings, it is not suitable to use change in neurocognitive outcomes as a proxy for change in ADHD clinical symptom-based outcomes. There is, however, notable value in monitoring changes in neurocognitive function associated with ADHD interventions to achieve the following aims: (1) understanding full treatment effect on children with ADHD, (2) identifying ancillary indicators of subclinical changes, and (3) provision of objective and less biased measures of treatment effects. These findings are important evidence that changes in neurocognitive function could be a co-occurring objective indication that parallels the clinical effects of ADHD treatments.']"27821512,Dopamine D4 Receptor Gene Polymorphism in a Sample of Egyptian Children With Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,"['D4 receptor gene', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'genotype', 'phenotype', 'polymorphism']","['Farida ElBaz Mohamed', 'Tarek Mostafa Kamal', 'Sally Soliman Zahra', 'Mona Abdel Hakiem Khfagy', 'Azza Mohamed Youssef']","['This study aimed to detect DRD4 receptor gene polymorphisms in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) children and to correlate their phenotype-genotype. Fifty children with ADHD were diagnosed by Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition, criteria and were subjected to Conners Parent Rating Scale. All cases and controls were subjected to history taking, physical examination, IQ assessment, and dopamine receptor D4 (DRD4) exon 3 genotyping. The 7-repeat allele was present only in controls, whereas 2-repeat allele was present in the ADHD children (heterozygous 2-repeat allele in 16% and homozygous in 26% of cases). Eight percent of cases had homozygous 4-repeat allele vs 28% of controls, whereas 10% of cases had heterozygous 4-repeat allele vs 6% of controls, with its predominance in controls. The 2-repeat and 4-repeat alleles have been associated with more inattention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity phenotypes. In conclusion, children with ADHD had a significant presence of the 2-repeat allele and absence of the 7-repeat allele.']"31931455,A systematic review of coping strategies in parents of children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Coping', 'Parents', 'Stress', 'Systematic review']","['Francesco Craig', 'Rosa Savino', 'Isabella Fanizza', 'Elisabetta Lucarelli', 'Luigi Russo', 'Antonio Trabacca']","[StringElement('Parents of children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) use several coping strategies to deal with ADHD symptoms impacting family life.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The aim of this systematic review was to summarize the coping strategies used by parents of children with ADHD, identify which tools are most frequently used to measure coping strategies, and examine factors influencing parental coping.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('According to PRISMA guidelines, we searched for articles indexed in PubMed, EBSCOhost, Scopus, and Web of Science using a combination of expressions including ""coping"" AND ""ADHD"" OR ""attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder"" AND ""parent"" OR ""parenting"" OR ""caregiver"".', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Fourteen empirical studies were identified as relevant to our research. Many different types of tools are used to assess coping strategies. We found that parents of ADHD children used more avoidant-focused coping strategies than parents of typical children. Mothers of ADHD children sought significantly more support and used more indirect means than mothers of typically developing (TD) children.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This review underlines the importance of further exploring coping mechanisms of parents of children with ADHD in order to promote positive coping strategies for parents of children with ADHD, and to help such parents to identify people who can support them.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35657626,Association of Maternal Use of Triptans During Pregnancy With Risk of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Offspring.,[],"['Gerd Marie Harris', 'Mollie Wood', 'Eivind Ystrom', 'Hedvig Nordeng']","[StringElement('Triptans are commonly used in the treatment of migraine. Prenatal exposure to triptans may be associated with adverse fetal neurodevelopment; however, there is limited information about the long-term safety of triptan use during pregnancy.', attributes={'Label': 'Importance'}), StringElement('To examine the association between maternal use of triptans during pregnancy and diagnosis and symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among offspring.', attributes={'Label': 'Objective'}), StringElement('This study used data from the Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study (recruitment 1999-2008), linked to national health registries. Live-born singleton children born to women with migraine before or during pregnancy were included. Two analytic samples were defined: one to assess ADHD diagnosis and one to assess ADHD symptoms. Data were analyzed from May 1 to November 30, 2021.', attributes={'Label': 'Design, Setting, and Participants'}), StringElement('Maternal self-report of triptan use during pregnancy. Exposed children were compared with 2 groups of unexposed children whose mothers reported migraine (1) during pregnancy and (2) before pregnancy only.', attributes={'Label': 'Exposure'}), StringElement(""An ADHD diagnosis was defined as diagnosis of hyperkinetic disorder or receipt of dispensed ADHD medication. Symptoms of ADHD at 5 years were measured by the Conners' Parent Rating Scale, where a higher score indicates more symptoms of ADHD. Cox proportional hazards regression models and generalized linear models with inverse probability weights were used to estimate weighted hazard ratios (HRs) and standardized mean differences, respectively, with 95% CIs."", attributes={'Label': 'Main Outcomes and Measures'}), StringElement('The ADHD diagnosis sample comprised 10\u202f167 children (mean [SD] maternal age, 30.2 [4.6] years; 5231 boys [51.5%]), and the ADHD symptoms sample comprised 4367 children (mean [SD] maternal age, 30.6 [4.4] years; 2191 boys [50.2%]). Children were followed up for a mean (SD) of 10.6 (2.2) years. Children with prenatal triptan exposure had no increased risk of ADHD diagnosis compared with unexposed children whose mothers had migraine during pregnancy (weighted HR, 1.16; 95% CI, 0.78-1.74) and compared with unexposed children whose mothers had migraine only before pregnancy (weighted HR, 1.28; 95% CI, 0.84-1.94). There were no differences in ADHD symptom scores between exposed and unexposed children.', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('The findings of this study suggest that there is no increased risk of ADHD among offspring associated with prenatal exposure to triptans.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions and Relevance'})]"34791037,Maternal Thyroid Anomalies and Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in Progeny.,"['attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'endocrine disruptors', 'hypothyroidism', 'levothyroxine', 'thyroid stimulating hormone', 'thyrotropin', 'thyroxine']","['Ran S Rotem', 'Gabriel Chodick', 'Michael Davidovitch', 'Andrea Bellavia', 'Marc G Weisskopf']","['Previous epidemiologic investigations suggested that maternal thyroid anomalies are a possible causal factor in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in progeny, yet clinical trials indicated that levothyroxine treatment was ineffective in preventing neurodevelopmental impairments. We used an Israeli cohort of 385,542 singleton births from 1999-2012 to explore the interrelated roles of maternal thyroid conditions, laboratory gestational thyroid hormone measurements, use of thyroid medications, and offspring ADHD. Analyses were performed using Cox proportional hazards models. Results indicated that maternal hypothyroidism diagnosis was associated with an elevated progeny ADHD hazard (adjusted hazard ratio\xa0= 1.14, 95% confidence interval\xa0= 1.10, 1.18). However, this association was unmitigated by gestational use of levothyroxine and was unexplained by maternal gestational thyroid hormone levels. Associations with gestational thyrotropin values and hypothyroxinemia were also observed but were robust only in mothers without other records indicative of a thyroid problem. Results indicated that maternal thyroid hypofunction was associated with progeny ADHD but possibly not due to a direct causal relationship. Instead, maternal thyroid hypofunction may serve as a proxy indicator for other factors that affect neurodevelopment through thyroid hormone independent pathways, which are thus unaffected by pharmaceutical treatments for thyroid hypofunction. Factors known to disrupt thyroid functioning should be examined for their independent ADHD-related effects.']"34796571,A program to improve the assessment of a child for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['assessing', 'assessment methods', 'assessment tools', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder']","['Michelle Lukomski', 'Diane Caruso', 'Kerry Thompson', 'Melissa Di Natale']","[StringElement('Due to the number of children diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), increased risk of these children having comorbidities and/or an adverse childhood experience\xa0and insufficient documentation of the\xa0Diagnostic and Statistical manual of Mental Disorders, fifth edition (DSM-5) criteria for an ADHD diagnosis, an ADHD evaluation program was developed for a child presenting for an initial ADHD evaluation.', attributes={'Label': 'PROBLEM'}), StringElement(""A quantitative design method evaluated provider's documentation by the percentage of DSM-5 criteria met before and after the implementation of the ADHD program. Descriptive statistics evaluated the system change by the percentage of providers who utilized the ADHD template and the use of the unspecified ADHD International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, 10th edition (ICD-10) code, F90.9 by the percentage of code use before and after implementation of the ADHD\xa0program."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The two-tailed Mann-Whitney U test was significantly based on p\u2009<\u20090.001. Providers met 100% of the DSM-5 criteria after implementation of the ADHD program in the electronic health record, compared to 50% before implementation.', attributes={'Label': 'FINDINGS'}), StringElement(""The ADHD program increased the provider's documentation and consistency to the DSM-5 criteria, decreasing the use of the unspecified ADHD ICD-10 code, allowing the provider to develop a more successful plan of care for children between the ages of 5 and 18."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35503665,Primary Care Diagnosis and Treatment of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in School-Age Children: Trends and Disparities During the COVID-19 Pandemic.,[],"['Yair Bannett', 'Alex Dahlen', 'Lynne C Huffman', 'Heidi M Feldman']","[StringElement('The aim of this study was to assess rates of primary care provider (PCP) diagnosis and treatment of school-age children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) during the COVID-19 pandemic compared with prepandemic years and to investigate disparities in care.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We retrospectively analyzed electronic health records from all primary care visits (in-person and telehealth) of children aged 6 to 17 years seen between January 2016 and March 2021 in a community-based primary health care network (n = 77,298 patients). Study outcomes are as follows: (1) number of primary care visits, (2) number of visits with ADHD diagnosis (ADHD-related visits), (3) number of PCP prescriptions for ADHD medications, (4) number of patients with first ADHD diagnoses, and (5) number of first PCP prescriptions of ADHD medications. Interrupted time series analysis evaluated changes in rates of study outcomes during 4 quarters of the pandemic year (March 15, 2020-March 15, 2021) compared with prepandemic years (January 1, 2016-March 14, 2020). Patient demographic characteristics during prepandemic and pandemic years were compared.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD-related visits dropped in the first quarter of the pandemic year by 33% (95% confidence interval, 22.2%-43.6%), returning to prepandemic rates in subsequent quarters. ADHD medication prescription rates remained stable throughout the pandemic year. Conversely, rates of first ADHD diagnoses and first medication prescriptions remained significantly lower than prepandemic rates. The proportion of ADHD-related visits for patients living in low-income neighborhoods was lower in the pandemic year compared with prepandemic years.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Ongoing treatment for school-age children with ADHD was maintained during the pandemic, especially in high-income families. Socioeconomic differences in ADHD-related care emphasize the need to improve access to care for all children with ADHD in the ongoing pandemic and beyond.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34240550,Early developmental impact of sex chromosome trisomies on attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder symptomology in young children.,"['ADHD', 'Klinefelter syndrome', 'developmental psychopathology', 'sex chromosomes', 'trisomy X syndrome']","['Kimberly Kuiper', 'Hanna Swaab', 'Nicole Tartaglia', 'Sophie van Rijn']","['Individuals with sex chromosome trisomies ([SCT], XXX, XXY, and XYY)) are at increased risk for neurodevelopmental problems, given that a significant portion of the sex chromosome genes impact brain functioning. An elevated risk for psychopathology has also been described, including attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The present study aimed at identifying early markers of ADHD, providing the first investigation of ADHD symptomology in very young children with SCT. The variety, type, and severity of ADHD symptomology in 1-6-year-old children with SCT (n\xa0=\u2009104) were compared with population-based controls (n\xa0=\u2009101) using the strengths and weaknesses of ADHD symptoms and normal-behavior (SWAN) parent-report questionnaire. ADHD symptomology was significantly more prevalent in SCT and already present from toddlerhood on, compared to controls. ADHD inattention symptoms were significantly increased in all karyotypes (XXX, XXY, and XYY), boys with XYY also showed significantly more hyperactivity/impulsivity symptoms than controls. Inattentiveness was more pronounced with increasing age for SCT, in contrast to controls. Within the SCT group, 24% of the children had significantly elevated ADHD symptoms at a clinical level. Already from an early age on, SCT is associated with a risk for ADHD, suggesting that its neurodevelopmental risk lies anchored in early brain maturation. Studying this genetically vulnerable population allows for the prospective study of risk markers to facilitate early and preventive interventions.']"32564034,Screened Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder as a Predictor of Substance Use Initiation and Escalation in Early Adulthood and the Role of Self-Reported Conduct Disorder and Sensation Seeking: A 5-Year Longitudinal Study with Young Adult Swiss Men.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Conduct disorder', 'Early adulthood', 'Longitudinal study', 'Sensation seeking', 'Substance use', 'Substance use disorders', 'Young men']","['Franz Moggi', 'Deborah Schorno', 'Leila Maria Soravia', 'Meichun Mohler-Kuo', 'Natialia Estévez-Lamorte', 'Joseph Studer', 'Gerhard Gmel']","[StringElement('Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), conduct disorder (CD), and sensation seeking (SS) have been consistently related to a higher risk of substance use (SU) and substance use disorder (SUD).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To investigate the relationship between ADHD and prevalence rates in males at age 20 and age 25, the initiation of SU and SUD after age 20, and the escalation of SU from age 20 to age 25, and to explore the role of CD and SS in the relation of ADHD with SU and SUD initiation and escalation.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Data were obtained as part of the Cohort Study on Substance Use Risk Factors (C-SURF), which focused on young Swiss men aged 20 years at baseline and 25 years at follow-up.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Participants who screened positive for ADHD at baseline exhibited a higher rate of SU and SUD than participants who screened negative. The presence of ADHD symptoms at age 20 predicted initiation of all SU between age 20 and age 25, except for alcohol and smoking. After controlling for self-reported CD and SS, ADHD still predicted this late initiation of use of hallucinogens, meth-/amphetamines, and ecstasy/MDMA; non-medical use of ADHD medication and sedatives, and alcohol use disorder (AUD). No escalation of weekly drinking and smoking or annual cannabis use was observed from age 20 to age 25.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Screened-positive ADHD is an independent predictor of late SU and AUD, along with self-reported CD and SS. From a public health perspective, identifying ADHD is not only important in childhood and adolescence but also in early adulthood to guide specific interventions to lower risks of drug use initiation and the development of AUD in early adulthood.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30292416,"Role of conduct problems in the relation between Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity disorder, substance use, and gaming.","['Alcohol dependence', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Causal discovery', 'Disruptive, impulse control, and conduct disorders', 'Gaming dependence', 'Nicotine dependence']","['G H Schoenmacker', 'A P Groenman', 'E Sokolova', 'J Oosterlaan', 'N Rommelse', 'H Roeyers', 'R D Oades', 'S V Faraone', 'B Franke', 'T Heskes', 'A Arias Vasquez', 'T Claassen', 'J K Buitelaar']","['Known comorbidities for Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) include conduct problems, substance use disorder and gaming. Comorbidity with conduct problems may increase the risk for substance use disorder and gaming in individuals with ADHD. The aim of the study was to build a causal model of the relationships between ADHD and comorbid conduct problems, and alcohol, nicotine, and other substance use, and gaming habits, while accounting for age and sex. We used a state-of-the-art causal discovery algorithm to analyze a case-only sample of 362 ADHD-diagnosed individuals in the ages 12-24 years. We found that conduct problem severity mediates between ADHD severity and nicotine use, but not with more severe alcohol or substance use. More severe ADHD-inattentive symptoms lead to more severe gaming habits. Furthermore, our model suggests that ADHD severity has no influence on severity of alcohol or other drug use. Our findings suggest that ADHD severity is a risk factor for nicotine use, and that this effect is fully mediated by conduct problem severity. Finally, ADHD-inattentive severity was a risk factor for gaming, suggesting that gaming dependence has a different causal pathway than substance dependence and should be treated differently. By identifying these intervention points, our model can aid both researchers and clinicians.']"35658687,"Evaluation of social cognition, autistic traits, and dysmorphology in comorbid specific learning disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.","['dysmorphology', 'mental health', 'psychopathology', 'socio-emotional', 'specific learning disorder']","['Nazli Burcu Ozbaran', 'Senay Celenay Ozyasar', 'Nurhak Dogan', 'Helin Yilmaz Kafali', 'Esra Isik', 'Aysegul Satar', 'Sezen Kose', 'Tahir Atik', 'Ozgur Cogulu']","['Research on areas such as social cognition, autistic traits, and minor physical anomalies in comorbid Specific Learning Disorder (SLD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is limited. In this study, we compared these areas in children aged between 8 and 14 with comorbid SLD and ADHD and their typically developed peers. Emotion recognition and social cognition were evaluated by Faces Test, Reading the Mind in the Eyes Test, Comprehension Test, and Difficulties in Emotion Regulation Scale. Autism Spectrum Screening Questionnaire and Social Responsiveness Scale were used for screening of autism spectrum disorder in children. Furthermore, autistic traits in parents were measured by Autism-Spectrum Quotient. The MPAs of all the subjects were determined by pediatric geneticists. We detected that children with comorbid SLD and ADHD performed worse than controls in all social cognition tests and maternal AQ score had a strong correlation with the Faces Test, DERS, and SRS scores. Also, the total ASSQ score in the comorbid SLD and ADHD group was significantly higher than controls. Finally, MPAs were significantly more frequent in the comorbid SLD and ADHD group. Impairment in social cognition and evaluation of autistic traits and dysmorphology in children with comorbid SLD and ADHD may provide useful information on neurodevelopmental disorders.']"35367465,Rodent models of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: An updated framework for model validation and therapeutic drug discovery.,"['Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Core features', 'Drug use risk', 'Executive dysfunction', 'Medication effects', 'Rodent models']",['Kathleen M Kantak'],"['There are over twenty rodent models of Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), with most reflecting a recognized ADHD subtype. Of these, only five rat models (Neonatal 6-Hydroxydopamine, Spontaneously Hypertensive Rat, Prenatal Alcohol Exposure, Prenatal Nicotine Exposure, and Lphn3 Knockout) and three mouse models (Dopamine Transporter Knockout, Neurokinin-1 Receptor Knockout, and Prenatal Nicotine Exposure) have a sufficient number of publications to explore their suitability for modelling ADHD with respect to core features, executive dysfunction, and medication effects. An updated view is advanced specifying that an informative model encompasses elevated drug use risk as a means to assess ADHD/Substance Use Disorder (SUD) comorbidity, a common co-occurrence among patients. Based on the full range of symptoms and medication effects, it is concluded that the Spontaneously Hypertensive Rat (specifically the Charles River Laboratories substrain) has the most translational support at this stage to model ADHD/SUD comorbidity. The Lphn3 knockout rat model and the prenatal nicotine exposure mouse model are strong contenders if additional validation work is performed, as they have a high degree of construct validity pertaining to genetic and environmental etiologies of ADHD. Research using validated rodent models of ADHD is warranted because their study can provide insights for drug discovery geared toward the development of safer ADHD therapeutics, particularly for adolescent patients.']"34983446,"The usefulness of virtual, augmented, and mixed reality technologies in the diagnosis and treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in children: an overview of relevant studies.","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Augmented reality', 'Mixed reality', 'Virtual reality']","['Saeideh Goharinejad', 'Samira Goharinejad', 'Sadrieh Hajesmaeel-Gohari', 'Kambiz Bahaadinbeigy']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental condition characterized by attention problems, excessive physical activity, and impulsivity. ADHD affects not only the patients but also their families. The development and use of technologies such as virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), and mixed reality (MR) for ADHD has increased over recent years. However, little is known about their potential usefulness. This overview aimed to clarify the current knowledge about the use of these three innovative technologies for the diagnosis and treatment of children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This overview was conducted using the PubMed, Web of Science, and Scopus databases until January 24th, 2021. The following descriptive information was compiled from the identified studies: country, year of publication, sample size, study design, ADHD diagnosis methods, applied technology, hardware equipment, clinical target, and main findings.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The initial database searches yielded 409 articles, but 103 were removed as duplicates. Eventually, 30 eligible studies remained for analysis, the majority of which were case-control (n\xa0=\u200922, 73%). Regarding the applied technology/hardware equipment, VR (n\xa0=\u200927; 90%), head-mounted displays (n\xa0=\u200919, 63%), VR-based continuous performance tests (VR-CPT) (n\xa0=\u200921, 70%) were most frequently used. Most studies (n\u2009=\u200921, 70%) used the DSM criteria for the diagnosis of childhood ADHD. They primarily evaluated the utility of these technologies in assessing ADHD symptoms (n\u2009=\u200910, 33%) and improving the ADHD diagnostic process (n\xa0=\u20097, 23%).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This comprehensive overview evaluated the studies on the use of VR, AR, and MR technologies for children with ADHD. These technologies seem to be promising tools for improving the diagnosis and management of ADHD in this population.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33331955,"Adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms, cognitive dysfunction and quality of life in high-dose use of benzodiazepine and Z-drug.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Benzodiazepine (BZD)', 'Cognition', 'Patient-centered outcomes', 'Quality of life (QoL)', 'Substance-use disorder (SUD)']","['Angela Federico', 'Elisa Mantovani', 'Rebecca Casari', 'Anna Bertoldi', 'Fabio Lugoboni', 'Stefano Tamburin']","['High-dose use of benzodiazepines (BZDs) and Z-drugs was found to be associated with adult attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and multidomain cognitive deficits, but the interplay between these factors and its effect on quality of life (QoL) is unclear. We explored (a) whether cognitive dysfunction differs in high-dose BZD/Z-drug users with and without adult ADHD and (b) the impact of cognitive deficits and adult ADHD on QoL in this substance-use disorder (SUD). From January 2015 to December 2019, we recruited 207 high-dose BZD/Z-drug users seeking treatment. We assessed the presence of adult ADHD with a screening tool, which was validated in SUD patients, and collected demographic, clinical and QoL data from the 76 included patients. A neuropsychological battery explored five cognitive domains. We found that: (a) screening for adult ADHD was frequently positive; (b) Short Form-36 (SF-36), a self-administered QoL questionnaire, was worse than the general population and worse in patients positive (ADHD+) vs. those negative (ADHD-) to ADHD screening tool; (c) executive function was significantly worse in ADHD+\u2009than ADHD- patients; (d) some SF-36 dimensions were negatively influenced by executive dysfunction; (e) multivariate analysis showed an interplay between adult ADHD and cognitive dysfunction in worsening QoL. We documented a complex interplay between adult ADHD, cognitive dysfunction and QoL in high-dose BZD/Z-drug users. Assessing adult ADHD, neuropsychological measures and QoL may offer a full scenario of these patients, who are frequently impaired in everyday activities. Future research should explore whether pharmacological treatment might improve cognitive dysfunction and QoL in this SUD.']"30039608,"Injury among children and young people with and without attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in the community: The risk of fractures, thermal injuries, and poisonings.","['attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'fracture', 'injury', 'poisoning', 'thermal injury']","['Vibhore Prasad', 'Joe West', 'Kapil Sayal', 'Denise Kendrick']","[StringElement('Injuries commonly cause morbidity and mortality in children and young people (CYP). Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the commonest neurobehavioural disorder in CYP and is associated with increased injury risk. However, large, population-based estimates of the risk of specific injuries are lacking. We aimed to provide estimates of the risk of fractures, thermal injuries, and poisonings in CYP with and without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('In this population-based cohort study, we used primary and secondary care medical records from England from the Clinical Practice Research Datalink. There were 15,126 CYP with ADHD frequency-matched to 263,724 without, aged 3-17\xa0years at diagnosis. The risk of (a) fractures, (b) thermal injuries, and (c) poisonings in CYP with ADHD was compared with those without.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The absolute rate of injury per thousand person-years at risk in CYP with versus without ADHD was fracture 28.9 (95% CI [27.5, 30.3]) versus 18.7 (95% CI [18.5, 19.0]), long bone fracture 17.7 (95% CI [16.7, 18.8]) versus 11.8 (95% CI [11.6, 12.0]), thermal injuries 4.4 (95% CI [3.9, 4.9]) versus 2.2 (95% CI [2.1, 2.3]), and poisonings 6.3 (95% CI [5.7, 6.9]) versus 1.9 (95% CI [1.9, 2.0]). Adjusting for age, sex, geographical region, deprivation, and calendar year, CYP with ADHD had 25% increase in risk of fracture (hazard ratio [HR]\xa0=\xa01.25; 95% CI [1.19, 1.31]), 21% increase in risk of long bone fracture (HR\xa0=\xa01.21; 95% CI [1.13, 1.28]), double the risk of thermal injury (HR\xa0=\xa02.00; 95% CI [1.76, 2.27]), and almost four times the risk of poisoning (HR\xa0=\xa03.72; 95% CI [3.32, 4.17]).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('CYP with ADHD are at greater risk of fracture, thermal injury, and poisoning compared with those without. Paediatricians and health care professionals should provide injury prevention advice at diagnosis and reviews.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33459154,Activities of daily living and working memory in pediatric attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'ADL', 'activities of daily living', 'executive function', 'working memory']","['Lauren N Irwin', 'Elia F Soto', 'Elizabeth S M Chan', 'Caroline E Miller', 'Shana Carrington-Forde', 'Nicole B Groves', 'Michael J Kofler']","[""Most children with ADHD have impaired working memory abilities. These working memory deficits predict impairments in activities of daily living (ADLs) for adults with ADHD. However, our understanding of the relation between pediatric ADHD and ADLs is limited. Thus, this study aimed to examine (1) the extent to which pediatric ADHD is associated with ADL difficulties; and if so (2) the extent to which these difficulties are related to their well-documented working memory difficulties and/or core ADHD inattentive and hyperactive/impulsive symptom domains. A well-characterized, clinically evaluated sample of 141 children ages 8-13\xa0years (<i>M</i> =\xa010.36, <i>SD\xa0</i>=\xa01.46; 51 girls; 70% White/non-Hispanic) were administered a battery of well-validated working memory tests and assessed for ADHD symptoms (teacher-ratings) and ADL difficulties (parent-ratings); cross-informant reports were used to control for mono-informant bias. Children with ADHD exhibited medium magnitude difficulties with ADLs (<i>d</i> =\xa00.61, p < .005, 38% impaired). Results of the bias-corrected, bootstrapped conditional effects model indicated that lower working memory predicted reduced performance of age-expected ADLs (<i>β\xa0</i>=0.28) and greater ADHD inattentive (<i>β\xa0</i>=\xa0-0.40) and hyperactive/impulsive symptoms (<i>β\xa0</i>=\xa0-0.16). Greater inattentive, but not hyperactive/impulsive, symptoms predicted greater ADL difficulties (<i>β\xa0</i>=\xa0-0.36) even after controlling for working memory. Interestingly, working memory exerted a significant indirect effect on ADLs via inattentive (indirect effect: <i>β\xa0</i>= 0.15, effect ratio\xa0= .54) but not hyperactive/impulsive symptoms. These findings implicate ADHD inattentive symptoms as a potential mechanism underlying ADL difficulties for children with ADHD, both independently and via working memory's role in regulating attention.""]"34994743,"Parafunctions, Signs and Symptoms of Temporomandibular Disorders (TMD), in Children with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): the results of the SOPKARD-Junior study","['Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL)', 'preventive medicine', 'temporomandibular joint dysfunction syndrome']","['Klaudia Suligowska', 'Magdalena Mikietyńska', 'Anna Pakalska-Korcala', 'Tomasz Wolańczyk', 'Maria Prośba-Mackiewicz', 'Tomasz Zdrojewski']","[StringElement('The aim of the study was to compare the prevalence of parafunctions and signs and symptoms of TMD in a population group of children with and without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('The study included all 5th grade children of all public primary schools in Sopot (untreated, unguided children). The reporting rate was 91%. At the first stage of the psychological-psychiatric study both parents and children filled in the CBCLand YSR questionnaires. At the next stage, in the group of children selected during the screening, aqualified child psychiatrist conducted asemi-structured diagnostic interview K-SADS-PLand diagnosed ADHD. Parafunctions, signs and symptoms of TMD were assessed by conducting a direct interview with a child and a clinical examination by a dentist.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('There were significant differences (p < 0.05) between children with ADHD and without ADHD associated with parafunctions such as chewing gum (76.47% vs. 46.07%), nail biting (70.59% vs. 40.45%) and bruxism (52.54% vs. 26.22%), the number of signs and symptoms of TMD (1 sign or symptom 0.0% vs. 32.21%; 4-7 signs or symptoms 17.65% vs. 3.75%).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In children with ADHD, symptoms of temporomandibular joint disorders and parafunctions were significantly more frequent. These studies suggest that children with ADHD constitute agroup of increased risk for TMD in the future. Interdisciplinary treatment of an ADHD patient by a psychiatrist and a dentist is necessary.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33740903,Brain activation patterns in medicated versus medication-naïve adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder during fMRI tasks of motor inhibition and cognitive switching.,"['ADHD', 'Adults', 'Diagnosis', 'Functional MRI', 'Neuroimaging']","['Jatta Berberat', 'Ruth Huggenberger', 'Margherita Montali', 'Philipp Gruber', 'Achmed Pircher', 'Karl-Olof Lövblad', 'Hanspeter E Killer', 'Luca Remonda']","[StringElement('Adult-attention-deficit-hyperactive-disorder (ADHD) is often unrecognized condition. FMRI examination along with neuropsychological testing might strengthen the diagnosis. We hypothesized that ADHD-adults with and without medication would show different fMRI pattern compared to healthy controls while testing tasks of motor inhibition and cognitive switching.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('45 subjects in three age-matched groups: (1) controls, (2) ADHD-adults under medication (ADHD+) and (3) medication-naïve adults with ADHD (ADHD-) underwent fMRI and neuropsychological testing. Group analysis and population-based statistics were performed.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('DTVP-A, intellectual ability as well as attention capability, visual-perceptual and visual-motor abilities showed no significant differences between the groups. However, fMRI revealed statistically significant differences between the ADHD+, ADHD- and control groups on tasks of motor inhibition and cognitive switching on adults in bilateral fronto-striatal brain regions, inferior fronto-frontal, fronto-cingulate and fronto-parietal networks as well as in the parietal lobe (p\u2009<\u20090.05).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('fMRI offers the potential to differentiate between the ADHD+, ADHD- and control groups. FMRI possibly opens a new window for monitoring the therapeutic effect of ADHD medication.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('NCT02578342, registered at August 2015 to clinical trial registry ( https://ichgcp.net/clinical-trials-registry/NCT02578342 ).', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION'})]"35170571,The Impact of Preinjury and Secondary Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder on Outcomes After Pediatric Traumatic Brain Injury.,[],"['Megan E Narad', 'Eloise E Kaizar', 'Nanhua Zhang', 'H Gerry Taylor', 'Keith Owen Yeates', 'Brad G Kurowski', 'Shari L Wade']","[StringElement('The objective of this study was to examine the impact of preinjury attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (PADHD) and secondary ADHD (SADHD) on outcomes after pediatric traumatic brain injury (TBI).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""Two hundred eighty-four individuals aged 11 to 18 years hospitalized overnight for a moderate-to-severe TBI were included in this study. Parents completed measures of child behavior and functioning and their own functioning. Linear models examined the effect of ADHD status (PADHD vs SADHD vs no ADHD) on the child's executive functioning (EF), social competence, and functional impairment, and parental depression and distress."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD status had a significant effect on EF [F(2,269] = 9.19, p = 0.0001), social competence (F[2,263] = 32.28, p < 0.0001), functional impairment (F[2,269] = 16.82, p < 0.0001), parental depression (F[2,263] = 5.53, p = 0.005), and parental distress (F[2,259] = 3.57, p = 0.03). PADHD and SADHD groups had greater EF deficits, poorer social competence, and greater functional impairment than the no ADHD group. The SADHD group had greater levels of parental depression than the no ADHD and PADHD groups, and the SADHD group had higher parental distress than the no ADHD group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The results highlight the importance of early identification and management of ADHD symptoms after injury to mitigate downstream functional problems. Supporting parents managing new-onset ADHD symptoms may also be important.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33077449,Approach to diagnosis and management of childhood attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,[],"['David Jerome', 'Laurence Jerome']","[StringElement('To provide primary care clinicians with an approach to the diagnosis and management of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) by reviewing and summarizing the relevant practice guidelines and recent evidence from the literature.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Published guidelines on the management of ADHD were reviewed. A PubMed search was conducted with the MeSH terms <i>attention deficit disorder</i> and <i>family practice</i>. Results were limited to articles published in English within the past 15 years.', attributes={'Label': 'SOURCES OF INFORMATION'}), StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is a common neurodevelopmental disorder. Guidelines agree that diagnosis and management of ADHD is appropriate within primary care. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is diagnosed by applying the criteria defined within the <i>Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders,</i> 5th edition, and is supplemented by validated rating scales. Behavioural management is first-line management in all patients, and stimulant medications are first-line management in patients 6 years of age and older. The Canadian ADHD Resource Alliance provides free resources to help clinicians care for patients with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'MAIN MESSAGE'}), StringElement('Most patients with ADHD can be managed by family physicians. It is a chronic condition that requires ongoing follow-up. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder that is complicated by comorbidities might require referral to a specialist.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35427730,"Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: Restricted Phenotypes Prevalence, Comorbidity, and Polygenic Risk Sensitivity in the ABCD Baseline Cohort.","['ADHD', 'comorbidity', 'executive function', 'polygenic score', 'prevalence']","['Michaela M Cordova', 'Dylan M Antovich', 'Peter Ryabinin', 'Christopher Neighbor', 'Michael A Mooney', 'Nathan F Dieckmann', 'Oscar Miranda-Dominguez', 'Bonnie J Nagel', 'Damien A Fair', 'Joel T Nigg']","[StringElement('To evaluate the prevalence and major comorbidities of ADHD using different operational definitions in a newly available national dataset and to test the utility of operational definitions against genetic and cognitive correlates.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The US Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development (ABCD) Study enrolled 11,878 children aged 9-10 years at baseline. ADHD prevalence, comorbidity, and association with polygenic risk score and laboratory-assessed executive functions were calculated at 4 thresholds of ADHD phenotype restrictiveness. Bias from missingness, sampling, and nesting were addressed statistically.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Prevalence of current ADHD for 9- to 10-year old children was 3.53% (95% CI 3.14%-3.92%) when Computerized Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-Age Children (K-SADS-COMP) score and parent and teacher ratings were required to converge. Of ADHD cases so defined, 70% had a comorbid psychiatric disorder. After control for overlapping comorbidity and ruling out for psychosis or low IQ, 30.9% (95% CI 25.7%-36.7%) had a comorbid disruptive behavior disorder, 27.4% (95% CI 22.3%-33.1%) had an anxiety or fear disorder, and 2.1% (95% CI 1.2%-3.8%) had a mood disorder. Children in the top decile of polygenic load incurred a 63% increased chance of having ADHD vs the bottom half of polygenic load (p\xa0< .01)-an effect detected only with a stringent phenotype definition. Dimensional latent variables for irritability, externalizing, and ADHD yielded convergent results for cognitive correlates.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This fresh estimate of national prevalence of ADHD in the United States suggests that the DSM-5 definition requiring multiple informants yields a prevalence of about 3.5%. Results may inform further ADHD studies in the ABCD sample.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31007126,"Temperament, executive function, and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adolescents: The mediating role of effortful control.","['Adolescence', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms', 'executive functions', 'mediation', 'temperament']","['Virginia Krieger', 'Juan Antonio Amador-Campos', 'David Gallardo-Pujol']","['<b>Introduction</b>: Temperament dimensions may be related to executive functions (EF) and may be involved in the expression and maintenance of symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The current study aimed to assess whether effortful control (EC) mediates the relationship between EF and inattentive symptoms, and whether surgency (S) and negative affectivity (NA) mediate the relationships between EF and hyperactive-impulsive ADHD symptoms in adolescents. <b>Method</b>: Working individually, participants aged between 12 and 16\xa0years (<i>N</i>\xa0=\xa0118; 75 with ADHD) performed tests of cognitive EF (working memory, planning, flexibility, and inhibition), and parents and teachers completed a multi-informant assessment focusing on measures of ADHD symptoms and temperament dimensions (EC, S, and NA). <b>Results</b>: There were significant differences between ADHD and control participants in EF and temperament dimensions. ADHD participants had lower scores than controls in working memory, planning, and inhibition EF; they also had lower scores in EC and higher scores in S and NA. Structural equation modeling indicated differential associations between EC, S, and NA temperament dimensions, and working memory, planning and inhibition EF, and ADHD symptoms. Mediation analysis suggested that EF exerted indirect effects on the inattentive and hyperactive-impulsive symptoms, via EC; higher EF abilities were related to higher levels of EC, which in turn were related to lower scores of inattentive and hyperactive-impulsive ADHD symptoms. S and NA did not mediate relations among EF and hyperactive-impulsive symptoms. <b>Conclusion</b>: The findings expand on those of previous studies of the complex relationship between temperament dimensions and EF and confirm the differential association between impairments in some EF, low EC, and the expression of inattentive and hyperactive-impulsive symptoms in adolescents, which may account for the ADHD-control group differences.']"28937938,"Anxiety and depression among college students with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): Cross-informant, sex, and subtype differences.","['ADHD', 'anxiety', 'college', 'depression', 'multi-informant']","['Jason M Nelson', 'Spencer W Liebel']","[StringElement('This study examined symptoms of anxiety and depression among college students with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Data were collected between March 2011 and March 2016 from 150 college students with ADHD and 150 college students without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'PARTICIPANTS'}), StringElement('Participants with ADHD were compared to a sex- and ethnicity-matched control group. For the ADHD group, parent and self-report of anxiety and depression were also compared.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('College students with ADHD self-reported significantly higher anxiety and depressive symptoms than did students without ADHD. Scores on parent-report measures of anxiety and depressive symptoms were significantly higher than scores on self-report measures. Significant sex differences were found for participants with ADHD, with females showing higher depressive and anxiety symptoms than males. Parent-reported anxiety symptoms were higher for those with inattentive type ADHD compared to combined type ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The current study highlights the importance of multi-informant assessment in ADHD evaluations for college-aged adults.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33169431,Neural generators involved in visual cue processing in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'ERP', 'ERSP', 'GO/NoGO', 'N2', 'swLORETA']","['David Zarka', 'Axelle Leroy', 'Ana Maria Cebolla', 'Carlos Cevallos', 'Ernesto Palmero-Soler', 'Guy Cheron']","['Event-related potentials (ERP) studies report alterations in the ongoing visuo-attentional processes in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). We hypothesized that the neural generators progressively recruited after a cue stimulus imply executive-related areas well before engagement in executive processing in children with ADHD compared to typically developed children (TDC). We computed source localization (swLORETA) of the ERP and ERSP evoked by the Cue stimulus during a visual Cue-Go/Nogo paradigm in 15 ADHD compared to 16 TDC. A significant difference in N200/P200 amplitude over the right centro-frontal regions was observed between ADHD and TDC, supported by a stronger contribution of the left visuo-motor coordination area, premotor cortex, and prefrontal cortex in ADHD. In addition, we recorded a greater beta power spectrum in ADHD during the 80-230\xa0ms interval, which was explained by increased activity in occipito-parieto-central areas and lower activity in the left supramarginal gyrus and prefrontal areas in ADHD. Successive analysis of the ERP generators (0-500\xa0ms with successive periods of 50\xa0ms) revealed significant differences beginning at 50\xa0ms, with higher activity in the ventral anterior cingulate cortex, premotor cortex, and fusiform gyrus, and ending at 400-500\xa0ms with higher activity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and lower activity of the posterior cingulate cortex in ADHD compared to TDC. The areas contributing to ERP in ADHD and TDC differ from the early steps of visuo-attentional processing and reveal an overinvestment of the executive networks interfering with the activity of the dorsal attention network in children with ADHD.']"36036124,Association between oppositional defiant disorder and parenting style in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Child', 'Oppositional defiant disorder', 'Parenting style']","['Cong Kou', 'Zhao-Min Wu', 'Juan Liu', 'Xiao-Lan Cao', 'Bin-Rang Yang']","[StringElement('To study the association between oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) and parenting style in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A case-control study was performed on 482 children with ADHD, among whom 322 did not have ODD (simple ADHD group) and 160 had ODD (ADHD+ODD group). General demographic data and the Parenting Style Scale assessment scores were collected from the two groups. A multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to identify the association between parenting style and ODD in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""There was no significant difference in parenting style scores (including rejection factor, emotional warmth factor, overprotection factor, and preference factor) and general demographic data between the simple ADHD and ADHD+ODD groups (<i>P</i>>0.05). Among the children with the predominantly inattentive type of ADHD, the older the child or the lower the father's educational level, the higher the risk of ODD (<i>P</i><0.05), while there was no significant association between parenting style and the development of ODD (<i>P</i>>0.05)."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Parenting style is not significantly associated with the development of ODD in children with ADHD. In clinical practice, it is necessary to eliminate the stereotype that the parents of children with ADHD and comorbid ODD have a poor parenting style and look for the causes of development of ODD from multiple perspectives, so as to provide reasonable intervention recommendations.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29542042,"Sleepiness, occlusion, dental arch and palatal dimensions in children attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Child', 'Craniofacial abnormalities', 'Sleepiness']","['H Andersson', 'L Sonnesen']","[StringElement('This was to compare sleepiness, occlusion, dental arch and palatal dimensions between children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorders (ADHD) and healthy children (control group).', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""15 children with ADHD (10 boys, 5 girls, mean age 10.98\xa0years) and 36 healthy age matched children (21 boys, 15 girls, mean age 10.60\xa0years) were included. Intra-oral three-dimensional scans of the teeth and palate were performed to evaluate the occlusion, dental arch and palatal dimensions. Sleepiness was evaluated from the questionnaires. The differences between the two groups were analysed by Fisher's exact test and general linear models adjusted for age and gender."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The ADHD children had a significantly narrower dental arch at the gingival level of the canines (p\xa0<\xa00.05) and a tendency to increased prevalence of posterior cross-bite compared to the controls (13.3 vs. 0.0%, p\xa0=\xa00.086). The ADHD children snored significantly more (p\xa0<\xa00.05) and slept restlessly significantly more often (p\xa0<\xa00.0005) compared to the controls. The ADHD children had a tendency to sleep fewer hours during the night (p\xa0=\xa00.066) and felt inadequately rested in the morning (p\xa0=\xa00.051) compared to the controls.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The results indicate that sleepiness and palatal width, especially the more anterior skeletal part of the palate, may be affected in children with ADHD. The results may prove valuable in the diagnosis and treatment planning of children with ADHD. Further studies are needed to investigate sleep and dental relations in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34313557,Impulsive Personality Traits Mediate the Relationship Between Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms and Psychiatric Comorbidity among Patients with Severe Alcohol Use Disorder.,"['Alcohol use disorder', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'impulsive personality traits', 'mediation', 'psychiatric comorbidity']","['Laura Brandt', 'Frances R Levin', 'Dominik Kraigher']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is an established risk factor for developing alcohol use disorder (AUD), and AUD-ADHD comorbidity is associated with additional psychiatric diagnoses. Several lines of evidence support the role of impulsivity as a pathway of these relationships; however, impulsivity is not a unitary construct. Thus, we sought to explore whether separate aspects of impulsivity may explain the relationship between ADHD symptoms and psychiatric comorbidity among inpatients (<i>N</i>\u2009=\u2009136) with AUD. <b>Methods:</b> We assessed ADHD symptoms (childhood ADHD [Wender Utah Rating Scale], adult ADHD [Adult ADHD self-report scale]), health-related quality of life (HRQL; EQ-5D-5L), psychiatric comorbidity (Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview), and impulsive personality traits (Urgency, Premeditation, Perseverance, Sensation seeking [UPPS] scale). <b>Results:</b> 19% of patients screened positive in the retrospective assessment of childhood ADHD, and 17% for adult ADHD. Participants reported moderate levels of problem severity in the HRQL dimensions, and 65% had ≥1 current psychiatric disorders other than AUD and ADHD. Multiple mediation indicated that there was a significant direct effect of childhood ADHD symptoms on psychiatric comorbidity (<i>β</i>\u2009=\u20090.224, 95% CI [0.080, 1.114]), and indirect effects of both reacting impetuously when experiencing negative emotions (negative urgency; <i>β</i>\u2009=\u20090.999, 95% CI [0.043, 0.461]) and the tendency to not finish tasks (lack of perseverance; <i>β</i>\u2009=\u20090.075, 95% CI [0.002, 0.297]). <b>Conclusions:</b> The subcomponents of impulsivity to react rashly when experiencing negative emotions and the tendency to not persist in activities seem to contribute to the relationship between ADHD symptoms (particularly those in childhood) and psychiatric comorbidity among patients with severe AUD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'})]"33202312,Impairments of interpersonal synchrony evident in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Intentional synchrony', 'Interpersonal synchrony', 'Social dysfunction', 'Spontaneous synchrony']","['Hila Z Gvirts Problovski', 'David Lavi', 'Roi Yozevitch', 'Mor Sherman', 'Yael Hagay', 'Anat Dahan']","['In addition to well-known attention deficiencies, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is accompanied by deficiencies in social cognition. Both intentional and spontaneous interpersonal synchrony have been found to be an essential part of successful human interaction. Here, we used a novel paradigm to assess intentional and spontaneous interpersonal synchrony in adults with and without ADHD. Our data indicate that intentional interpersonal synchrony is reduced in ADHD, whereas spontaneous interpersonal synchrony remains intact. These results suggest that a dysfunctional pattern of interpersonal synchrony may account for interpersonal difficulties in ADHD.']"35276830,"Association of Food Allergy, Respiratory Allergy, and Skin Allergy with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder among Children.","['attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'food allergy', 'respiratory allergy', 'skin allergy']","['Guifeng Xu', 'Buyun Liu', 'Wenhan Yang', 'Linda G Snetselaar', 'Mingwu Chen', 'Wei Bao', 'Lane Strathearn']","[StringElement('Previous studies have predominately examined associations of respiratory allergy and skin allergy with ADHD, but little is known about the association between food allergy and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We included 192,573 children aged 4-17 years from the National Health Interview Survey (NHIS), a leading health survey in a nationally representative sample of the US population. Allergy conditions and ADHD were defined based on an affirmative response in the NHIS questionnaire. We used weighted logistic regression to estimate the odds ratio (OR) of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Among the 192,573 children, 15,376 reported ADHD diagnosis. The prevalence of ADHD was higher among children with allergic conditions: 12.66% vs. 7.99% among children with and without food allergy; 12.16% vs. 7.63% among children with and without respiratory allergy; and 11.46% vs. 7.83% among children with and without skin allergy. After adjusting for covariates, the OR of ADHD was 1.72 (95% CI, 1.55-1.91) comparing children with and without food allergy, 1.50 (95% CI, 1.41-1.59) comparing children with and without respiratory allergy, and 1.65 (95% CI, 1.55-1.75) comparing children with and without skin allergy. The observed associations remained significant after mutual adjustment for other allergic conditions.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In a nationally representative sample of US children, we found a significant association of common allergic conditions (food allergy, respiratory allergy, and skin allergy) with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34006240,Suicidal behaviors and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): a cross-sectional study among Chinese medical college students.,"['ADHD', 'Anxiety', 'Depression', 'Epidemiology', 'Odds ratio', 'Suicidal behavior']","['Yanmei Shen', 'Bella Siu Man Chan', 'Chunxiang Huang', 'Xilong Cui', 'Jianbo Liu', 'Jianping Lu', 'Marguerite Patel', 'Christopher D Verrico', 'Xuerong Luo', 'Xiang Yang Zhang']","[StringElement('Associations between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) subtypes and suicidal behaviors remains unclear. The current study explored the prevalence of suicidal behaviors, and its association with ADHD among Chinese medical students.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUNDS'}), StringElement('Five thousand six hundred ninety-three medical college students participated. Symptoms of suicidal behaviors, ADHD, anxiety, depression, tobacco and alcohol use were assessed using online questionnaires.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The prevalence of lifetime suicidal ideation, suicide plans, and suicide attempts among medical college students were 27.5, 7.9 and 14.8% respectively. Participants with ADHD predominantly inattentive type (ADHD-I) had more than fivefold increased odds of suicidal behaviors, the adjusted odds ratios (ORs) of ADHD-I and ADHD combined type (ADHD-C) remained significant after controlling for confounding factors.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ADHD is associated with high risk of suicidal behaviors. ADHD-I and ADHD-C were strongly associated with suicidal behaviors independent of comorbidities. The finding suggests the importance of addressing ADHD symptoms in suicide prevention.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32767172,Brief Report: Predictors of School Refusal Due to Bullying in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Autism Spectrum Disorder', 'Bullying', 'School refusal', 'Victimization']","['Abbey J McClemont', 'Hannah E Morton', 'Jennifer M Gillis', 'Raymond G Romanczyk']","[""Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) or Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) are at increased risk for bullying victimization. School refusal is a 'red flag' for identification of bullying in children with ASD and/or ADHD. This study examined the impact of diagnoses, demographics, and school variables on school refusal due to bullying. Participants were 97 parents of 154 children with ASD, ADHD, ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD, other diagnoses, or no diagnosis. Children with ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD were most likely to refuse school due to bullying. Classroom aides and behavior problems were protective and risk factors, respectively. In the final regression model, child diagnosis no longer predicted school refusal. School refusal and problem behavior warrant consideration as a marker of distress for victimized children.""]"33615398,Efficacy of cognitive behavioural therapy in medicated adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in multiple dimensions: a randomised controlled trial.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)', 'Medication', 'Randomised controlled trial']","['Mei-Rong Pan', 'Shi-Yu Zhang', 'Sun-Wei Qiu', 'Lu Liu', 'Hai-Mei Li', 'Meng-Jie Zhao', 'Min Dong', 'Fei-Fei Si', 'Yu-Feng Wang', 'Qiu-Jin Qian']","['The study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of group cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) in medicated adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) with a multidimensional evaluation and follow-up to week 36. Ninety-eight adult ADHD were randomly allocated to the CBT combined with medication (CBT\u2009+\u2009M) group or the medication (M) only group. The primary endpoint was the ADHD-Rating Scale (ADHD-RS). Secondary endpoints included emotional symptoms, self-esteem, automatic thoughts, quality of life (QoL), and executive function (EF). The outcome measures were obtained at baseline (T1), after the 12-week CBT treatment (T2), and at two follow-up time points (week 24, T3, and week 36, T4). Compared to the M-only group, the patients in the CBT\u2009+\u2009M group showed an overall significantly greater reduction from baseline in ADHD core symptoms (ADHD-RS total score at T3, and inattention subscale at T2 and T3), depression and anxiety symptoms (T2-T4), state anxiety (T2 and T3) and trait anxiety (T2), automatic thoughts questionnaire at T3, and QoL (physical domain, psychological domain, and social domain, most significant at T3 and weakened at T4). These findings further confirmed the efficacy of CBT on multiple dimensions and verified improvements in automatic thinking in adult ADHD. The superiority of the combination treatment mainly manifested in reduced inattention, emotional symptoms, and maladaptive thoughts and improved QoL. Trial registration number ChiCTR1900021705 (March-05-2019).']"30779935,Zebrafish models for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Behavior', 'Dopamine', 'Genetics', 'Noradrenaline', 'Serotonin', 'Zebrafish']","['Barbara D Fontana', 'Francini Franscescon', 'Denis B Rosemberg', 'William H J Norton', 'Allan V Kalueff', 'Matthew O Parker']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common, debilitating neurodevelopmental disorder associated with inattentiveness, pathological hyperactivity and impulsivity. Despite the mounting human and animal evidence, the neurological pathways underlying ADHD remain poorly understood. Novel translational model organisms, such as the zebrafish (Danio rerio), are becoming important tools to investigate genetic and pathophysiological mechanisms of various neuropsychiatric disorders. Here, we discuss ADHD etiology, existing animal models and their limitations, and emphasize the advantages of using zebrafish to model ADHD. Overall, the growing utility of zebrafish models may improve our understanding of ADHD and facilitate drug discovery to prevent or treat this disorder.']"31343208,Erroneous conclusions: The impact of failing to identify invalid symptom presentation when conducting adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) research.,[],"['James B Hoelzle', 'Kathryn A Ritchie', 'Paul S Marshall', 'Elisabeth M Vogt', 'David E Marra']","[""Invalid symptom report during assessment confounds the differential diagnosis process. This study examined differences in neuropsychological functioning between individuals diagnosed with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and depression and/or anxiety disorders before and after participants meeting diagnostic criteria for malingered neurocognitive dysfunction were excluded. One hundred sixty-one adult patients undergoing ADHD assessment [<i>M</i> age 27.98 (8.35)] were evaluated and assigned to one of two groups based on medical records, a clinical interview, and self-report measures (depression/anxiety disorder <i>n</i> = 85; ADHD and depression/anxiety disorders <i>n</i> = 76). When all patients were considered, individuals with comorbid ADHD and depression/anxiety symptoms performed more poorly on 10 of 18 neuropsychological measures compared with those with only a depression/anxiety disorder (Cohen's <i>d</i> ranged from .32 to .72). In contrast, there was no evidence that the cumulative effect of ADHD and depression/anxiety resulted in diminished cognitive performance after excluding 54 patients with invalid symptom presentation. Additionally, the magnitude of association between self-report of ADHD symptoms and performance on neuropsychological test measures decreased dramatically. Thus, it is imperative that researchers administer performance and symptom validity measures to identify invalid symptom presentation when conducting large-scale studies. The failure to do so may result in inaccurate conclusions regarding the neurocognitive functioning of patients with ADHD and comorbid conditions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved).""]"31243809,Objective assessment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in older adults compared with controls using the QbTest.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'continuous performance test', 'diagnosticsgeriatric psychiatryobjective assessment']","['Denise Bijlenga', 'Fredrik Ulberstad', 'Lisa B Thorell', 'Hanna Christiansen', 'Oliver Hirsch', 'J J Sandra Kooij']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) persists into old age, with prevalence rates of 2.8% to 3.3% in adults over 60 years of age. Most diagnostic assessment tools are not validated for older adults. The Quantified behavioral Test (QbTest) is an objective assessment for the core symptoms of ADHD and is validated for children and younger adults. We investigated whether the QbTest can be used to differentiate between older adults with ADHD and healthy controls.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('Older adults aged 55 to 79 years with (n = 97) or without (n = 112) ADHD were assessed with the QbTest. They also rated their ADHD symptom severity. QbTest raw scores were compared between groups. Factor scores were computed using factor loadings from a confirmatory factor analysis (CFA). Multilevel regressions were used to determine effects of background characteristics and comorbidity. Logistic regressions were performed to determine whether the QbTest differentiated between patients with ADHD and healthy controls.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The factor structure of the CFA was comparable with that of younger age groups. Older age was associated with higher Inattention score. Parameters comprising the factors Hyperactivity and Inattention, but not Impulsivity, were shown to contribute significantly in differentiating between the groups. The QbTest had a correct classification rate of 70%, which was increased to 91% when combining QbTest scores and self-reports of ADHD symptom severity.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The QbTest is feasible for older adults, and the factors Hyperactivity and Inattention are valid parameters for the diagnostic assessment of ADHD in older adults, when used in addition to self-reports.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35954859,Parental Efficacy in Managing Smartphone Use of Adolescents with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: Parental and Adolescent Related Factors.,"['adolescents', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'depressive symptoms', 'oppositional defiant disorder', 'parental efficacy', 'parenting', 'smartphone use']","['Wen-Jiun Chou', 'Ray C Hsiao', 'Cheng-Fang Yen']","['Parental management has an important role in preventing problematic smartphone use among adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This study aimed to examine the parental factors (e.g., demographics, depressive symptoms and parenting styles) and adolescent factors (e.g., demographics, ADHD and oppositional defiant disorder [ODD] symptoms, and problematic smartphone use) related to parental efficacy in managing adolescent smartphone use (PEMASU) among 237 parents of adolescents with ADHD. PEMASU was measured by the Parental Smartphone Use Management Scale. Parental depressive symptoms and parenting styles (parental affection/care and overprotection) were measured by the Center for Epidemiologic Studies-Depression Scale and Parental Bonding Instrument, respectively. Adolescent ADHD and ODD symptoms and problematic smartphone use were measured by the Swanson, Nolan, and Pelham, version IV scale and Problematic Smartphone Use Questionnaire, respectively. Three models of hierarchical linear regression were performed to examine the parental and adolescent factors related to PEMASU. The results indicated that adolescent older age and more severe ODD symptoms and problematic smartphone use were significantly associated with lower PEMASU, whereas greater parental affection/care was significantly associated with higher PEMASU. This study demonstrated that both parental and adolescent factors contribute to PEMASU among parents of adolescents with ADHD. Intervention programs aiming to enhancing PEMASU need to take these related factors into consideration.']"28413936,Processing speed can monitor stimulant-medication effects in adults with attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity.,"['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'adults', 'central nervous system stimulant', 'cognition']","['Niels Peter Nielsen', 'Elisabeth H Wiig', 'Svante Bäck', 'Jan Gustafsson']","[StringElement('Treatment responses to methylphenidate by adults with ADHD are generally monitored against DSM-IV/DSM-V symptomatology, rating scales or interviews during reviews.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To evaluate the use of single- and dual-dimension processing-speed and efficiency measures to monitor the effects of pharmacological treatment with methylphenidate after a short period off medication.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A Quick Test of Cognitive Speed (AQT) monitored the effects of immediate-release methylphenidate in 40 previously diagnosed and medicated adults with ADHD. Processing speed was evaluated with prior prescription medication, without medication after a 2-day period off ADHD medication, and with low-dose (10/20\u2009mg) and high-dose (20/40\u2009mg) methylphenidate hydrochloride (Medikinet IR).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Thirty-three participants responded to the experimental treatments. One-way ANOVA with post-hoc analysis (Scheffe) indicated significant main effects for single dimension colour and form and dual-dimension colour-form naming. Post-hoc analysis indicated statistical differences between the no- and high-dose medication conditions for colour and form, measures of perceptual speed. For colour-form naming, a measure of cognitive speed, there was a significant difference between no- and low-dose medication and between no- and high-dose medications, but not between low- and high-dose medications.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Results indicated that the AQT tests effectively monitored incremental effects of the methylphenidate dose on processing speed after a 2-day period off medication. Thus, perceptual (colour and form) and cognitive speed (two-dimensional colour-form naming) and processing efficiency (lowered shift costs) increased measurably with high-dose medication. These preliminary findings warrant validation with added measures of associated behavioural and cognitive changes.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"26118560,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Symptoms in Pediatric Narcolepsy: A Cross-Sectional Study.,"['attention-deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'methylphenidate', 'modafinil', 'narcolepsy', 'pediatrics']","['Michel Lecendreux', 'Sophie Lavault', 'Régis Lopez', 'Clara Odilia Inocente', 'Eric Konofal', 'Samuele Cortese', 'Patricia Franco', 'Isabelle Arnulf', 'Yves Dauvilliers']","[StringElement('To evaluate the frequency, severity, and associations of symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children with narcolepsy with and without cataplexy.', attributes={'Label': 'STUDY OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Cross-sectional survey.', attributes={'Label': 'DESIGN', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Four French national reference centers for narcolepsy.', attributes={'Label': 'SETTINGS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('One hundred eight consecutively referred children aged younger than 18 y with narcolepsy, with (NwC, n = 86) or without cataplexy (NwoC, n = 22), and 67 healthy controls.', attributes={'Label': 'PATIENTS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The participants, their families, and sleep specialists completed a structured interview and questionnaires about sleep, daytime sleepiness, fatigue, and ADHD symptoms (ADHD-rating scale based upon Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, Text Revision [DSM-IV-TR] symptoms), and use of psychostimulants for the treatment of narcolepsy (administered in 68.2%). Polysomnographic measures were collected.', attributes={'Label': 'INTERVENTIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Clinically significant levels of ADHD symptoms were found in 4.8% of controls compared with 35.3% in patients with NwoC (P < 0.001) and 19.7% in patients with NwC (P < 0.01). Total ADHD scores were 6.4 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 4.5, 9.0) in controls compared with 14.2 (95% CI: 10.6, 18.9; P < 0.001), in patients with NwoC and 12.2 (95% CI: 9.8, 15.3; P < 0.01) in patients with NwC; subscores of inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity were also significantly higher in both narcolepsy groups compared with controls. No difference was found between the NwC and NwoC groups for any ADHD measure. ADHD symptom severity was associated with increased levels of sleepiness, fatigue, and insomnia. Compared with the 34 untreated patients, the 73 patients treated with psychostimulants (modafinil in 91%) showed a trend toward lower narcolepsy symptoms but not lower ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'MEASUREMENTS AND RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Pediatric patients with narcolepsy have high levels of treatment-resistant attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms. The optimal treatment for ADHD symptoms in these patients warrants further evaluation in longitudinal intervention studies.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34098014,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms and Externalizing Progression in the LAMS Study: A Test of Trait Impulsivity Theory.,"['ADHD', 'conduct disorder', 'externalizing', 'impulsivity', 'inattention']","['Ziv E Bell', 'Mary A Fristad', 'Eric A Youngstrom', 'L Eugene Arnold', 'Theodore P Beauchaine']","[StringElement('To test differential prospective prediction of growth in externalizing behavior, including oppositional defiant disorder, conduct disorder, and substance use disorders, by earlier hyperactive-impulsive (HI) vs inattentive (IN) symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Participants in the Longitudinal Assessment of Manic Symptoms (LAMS) Study (N\xa0= 685 at study entry), including 458 boys and 227 girls ages 6-12, completed full parent report and self-report assessments every year for 8 years on the Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-Age Children. Three sets of analyses were conducted. First, hierarchal regression (block entry) was used to test independent associations between HI symptoms and later externalizing outcomes, controlling for IN symptoms, and IN symptoms and later externalizing outcomes, controlling for HI symptoms. Second, logistic regression was used to test progression of DSM externalizing disorders. Third, tests of mediation were used to assess potentiation of externalizing progression through environmental risk mediators (eg, family environment, neighborhood violence).', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Consistent with hypotheses derived from trait impulsivity theories of externalizing behavior, HI symptoms of ADHD were associated independently with long-term externalizing outcomes, whereas IN symptoms were not. Between months 48 and 96, ADHD-HI/combined symptom subtype diagnoses predicted later oppositional defiant disorder diagnoses, oppositional defiant disorder diagnoses predicted later conduct disorder diagnoses, and conduct disorder diagnoses predicted later substance use disorder diagnoses. Evidence for environmental risk mediation (eg, parental monitoring, neighborhood violence) was also found.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Findings support trait impulsivity models of externalizing progression, whereby ADHD-HI/combined symptoms subtypes predispose to increasingly severe externalizing behaviors, which are magnified in contexts of environmental risk.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"29086065,Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Insomnia: an Update of the Literature.,"['Adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Insomnia', 'Psychostimulants', 'Sleep']","['Dora Wynchank', 'Denise Bijlenga', 'Aartjan T Beekman', 'J J Sandra Kooij', 'Brenda W Penninx']","[StringElement('Insomnia is diagnosed when there is dissatisfaction with sleep quantity or quality. It has a prevalence in the general population ranging from 31 to 56%. Insomnia has previously been associated with adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). In this review, we address three topics: (1) the cross-sectional relationship between ADHD and insomnia in adulthood, (2) the longitudinal relationship between ADHD and insomnia, and (3) insomnia as a side effect of pharmacological treatments for adult ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE OF REVIEW', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Three cross-sectional, clinical, and population studies report a prevalence of insomnia in ADHD adults ranging from 43 to 80%. Longitudinal evidence for a link between childhood-onset ADHD and insomnia at later age is mixed, with one study confirming and another study not supporting such a longitudinal association. In randomized, placebo-controlled trials, insomnia is reported significantly more often in the treatment arm than in the placebo arm. In varying percentages of trial participants, insomnia is a treatment-emergent adverse effect in triple-bead mixed amphetamine salts (40-45%), dasotraline (35-45%), lisdexamfetamine (10-19%), and extended-release methylphenidate (11%). Ten to seventeen percent of subjects in placebo-controlled trials of atomoxetine report insomnia, possibly related to poor metabolizer status. The mechanisms explaining the relationship between ADHD and sleep problems are incompletely understood, but both genetic and non-shared environmental influences may be involved. Adults with ADHD should be assessed for insomnia, which is frequently comorbid, and both conditions should be treated.', attributes={'Label': 'RECENT FINDINGS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'})]"29580701,Facial emotion recognition in children with or without Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: Impact of comorbidity.,"['Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Comorbidity', 'Comorbidité', 'Emotion recognition', 'Expressions faciales', 'Facial expressions', 'Opposition', 'Reconnaissance des émotions', 'Trouble déficitaire de l’attention hyperactivité']","['J Maire', 'C Galera', 'S Roux', 'S Bioulac', 'M Bouvard', 'G Michel']","[StringElement('This study sought to assess facial emotion recognition deficit in children with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and to test the hypothesis that it is increased by comorbid features.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""Forty children diagnosed with ADHD were compared with 40 typically developing children, all aged from 7 to 11years old, on a computerized facial emotion recognition task (based on the Pictures of Facial Affect). Data from parents' ratings of ADHD and comorbid symptoms (on the Conners' Revised Parent Rating Scale) were also collected."", attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children with ADHD had significantly fewer correct answer scores than typically developing controls on the emotional task while they performed similarly on the control task. Recognition of sadness was especially impaired in children with ADHD. While ADHD symptoms were slightly related to facial emotion recognition deficit, oppositional symptoms were related to a decrease in the number of correct answers on sadness and surprise recognition.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Facial emotion recognition deficit in children with ADHD might be related to an impaired emotional process during childhood. Moreover, Oppositional Defiant Disorder seems to be a risk factor for difficulties in emotion recognition especially in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34101312,Effects of substance misuse on inhibitory control in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'inhibitory control', 'substance misuse', 'substance use disorder']","['Maria Paraskevopoulou', 'Daan van Rooij', 'Aart H Schene', 'Roselyne Chauvin', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Arnt F A Schellekens']","['Patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are often diagnosed with comorbid substance misuse (SM), which is associated with poor treatment efficacy. Although literature indicates similar inhibitory control deficits in both conditions, it is unclear whether SM in ADHD exaggerates pre-existing deficits, with additive or distinct impairments in patients. Our aim was to examine SM effects on inhibitory control in ADHD. Behavioural and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) data from a stop-signal task were compared across ADHD patients with and without SM (ADHD\u2009+\u2009SM and ADHD-only, respectively) and controls (n\u2009=\u200933/group; 79 males, mean age 18.02\u2009±\u20092.45). To limit substance use disorder (SUD) trait effects, groups were matched for parental SUD. Overall, we found worse performance for ADHD-only and/or ADHD\u2009+\u2009SM compared with controls but no difference between the ADHD groups. Moreover, the ADHD groups showed decreased frontostriatal and frontoparietal activity during successful and failed stop trials. There were no differences between the ADHD groups in superior frontal nodes, but there was more decreased activation in temporal/parietal nodes in ADHD-only compared with ADHD\u2009+\u2009SM. During go-trials, ADHD\u2009+\u2009SM showed decreased activation in inferior frontal nodes compared with ADHD-only and controls. Findings during response inhibition showed deficits in inhibition and attentional processes for ADHD patients with and without SM. Despite no evidence for SM effects during response inhibition, results during go-trials suggest distinct effects on nodes that are associated with several executive functions. Future studies should investigate whether distinct deficits in ADHD\u2009+\u2009SM relate to poor treatment results and can direct development of distinct ADHD treatment strategies for these patients.']"35066370,Associated Factors of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Diagnosis and Psychostimulant Use: A Nationwide Representative Study.,"['ADHD', 'Community prevalence', 'Diagnosis', 'Epidemiology', 'Psychostimulant']","['Marco Antônio Arruda', 'Renato Arruda', 'Vicenzo Guidetti', 'Marcelo Eduardo Bigal', 'Jesus Landeira-Fernandez', 'Anna C Portugal', 'Luis Anunciação']","[StringElement(""Connections between epidemiological findings and children's and adolescents' mental health policies have not been properly made in Brazil, and such nationwide studies are scarce. This epidemiological study (1) estimated the prevalence and predictors of parent-reported attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) (ADHD-report), (2) estimated the probable diagnosis and risk of ADHD based on Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th edition, criteria (ADHD-probable), and (3) estimated current psychostimulant use (ADHD-pst) in a representative nationwide sample of Brazilian school-aged children and adolescents."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Data were obtained from 7114 school-aged children (49.9% boys) from 87 cities in 18 Brazilian states. Parents and teachers were interviewed using psychometrically sound questionnaires. Data and codes are available.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The prevalence of ADHD-report, ADHD-probable, and ADHD-pst were 7.1%, 3.9%, and 1.9%, respectively. The agreement was low between ADHD-probable and ADHD-report (22.6%) and between ADHD-report and ADHD-pst (15.6%). Logistic regression revealed that predictors of all three categories were male gender (odds ratio [OR]\xa0=\xa01.71, 2.32, and 1.96, respectively), divorced parents (OR\xa0=\xa01.47, 1.65, and 1.68, respectively), and below-expectation school performance (OR\xa0=\xa03.1, 13.74, and 3.95, respectively). Socioeconomic status was a significant predictor of ADHD-report, and participants from lower classes were less frequently diagnosed with ADHD than their peers from upper classes (OR\xa0=\xa00.57, 95% confidence interval\xa0=\xa00.37-0.88, P\xa0=\xa00.012).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The present findings provide an accurate description of ADHD in Brazil. We suggest disparities in agreement between report, risk, and psychostimulant use among children and adolescents and discrepancies between socioeconomic classes concerning the prevalence of an ADHD diagnosis.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35849359,Association between history of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder diagnosis and cardiovascular disease in U.S. adults.,[],"['Guifeng Xu', 'Linda G Snetselaar', 'Lane Strathearn', 'Kelli Ryckman', 'Faryle Nothwehr', 'James Torner']","[StringElement('To examine the association between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in a nationally representative population sample of adults in the United States.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We included adults aged 18 years or older who participated in the National Health Interview Survey 2007 and 2012, because information about ADHD diagnosis among adults was only available in these two cycles. Physician-diagnosed ADHD and CVD were defined based on an affirmative response in the questionnaire during a household interview. Logistic regression with survey sampling weights was used to estimate the odds ratio (<i>OR</i>) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of CVD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('This analysis included 57,728 adults (weighted mean age 46.20 years; 47.66% males). Among them, 1,790 reported physician-diagnosed ADHD, 7,906 had CVD, 4,061 had coronary heart disease (CHD), and 1,749 had stroke. The age-adjusted prevalence of CVD was 19.72% (95% CI [16.56%, 22.88%]) among individuals with ADHD, and 12.09% (95% CI [11.75%, 12.43%]) among those without ADHD. After adjustment for age, sex, race/ethnicity, education level, family income level, smoking, alcohol drinking, physical activity, and body mass index, the OR of CVD, CHD and stroke in association with ADHD was 2.06 (95% CI [1.58, 2.68]), 1.88 (95% CI [1.31, 2.69]), and 1.75 (95% CI [1.07, 2.86]), respectively.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In a nationally representative sample of U.S. adults, we found a significant, positive association between a history of ADHD diagnosis and CVD. Further investigation is needed to replicate our findings and determine the underlying mechanisms. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved).', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33690916,Common and distinct neural connectivity in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and alcohol use disorder studied using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging.,"['alcohol use disorder', 'default mode network', 'dorsal attention network', 'salience network']","['Àlvar Farré-Colomés', 'Sarah Gerhardt', 'Mathias Luderer', 'Esther Sobanski', 'Falk Kiefer', 'Sabine Vollstädt-Klein']","[StringElement('A link between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and alcohol use disorder (AUD) has been widely demonstrated. In this study, we used neuroimaging to investigate the connectivity traits that may contribute to the comorbidity of these disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The study included an AUD group (N\xa0=\xa018), an ADHD group (N\xa0=\xa017), a group with AUD\xa0+\xa0ADHD comorbidity (N\xa0=\xa012) and a control group (N\xa0=\xa018). We used resting-state functional connectivity in a seed-based approach in the default mode networks, the dorsal attention network, and the salience network.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Within the default mode networks, all affected groups shared greater connectivity toward the temporal gyrus when compared to the control group. Regarding the dorsal attention network, the Brodmann area 6 presented greater connectivity for each affected group in comparison with the control group, displaying the strongest aberrations in the AUD\xa0+\xa0ADHD group. In the salience network, the prefrontal cortex showed decreased connectivity in each affected group compared to the control group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Despite the small and unequal sample sizes, our findings show evidence of common neurobiological alterations in AUD and ADHD, supporting the hypothesis that ADHD could be a risk factor for the development of AUD. The results highlight the importance of an early ADHD diagnosis and treatment to reduce the risk of a subsequent AUD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34412606,Prevalence of bone fractures among children and adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['Accident', 'Adolescents', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Bone fracture', 'Children', 'Injury']","['Hoda Seens', 'Shirin Modarresi', 'Joy C MacDermid', 'David M Walton', 'Ruby Grewal']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a significant neurodevelopment disorder among children and adolescents, with 5\u2009% prevalence. Bone fractures account for 25\u2009% of accidents and injuries among all children and adolescents. Considering the characteristics of inattention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity in children with ADHD, it is critical to examine bone fractures among these children. The objective of our meta-analysis was to determine the prevalence of bone fractures among children and adolescents with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We completed a systematic review and meta-analysis using an electronic search of the following databases: CINAHL, EMBASE, PsycINFO, PubMed, and Scopus. The search terms used were: ""attention deficit hyperactivity disorder OR attention deficit disorder"" and ""bone fracture*."" We included studies examining patients 18 years or younger who were diagnosed with ADHD and tracked (prospectively or retrospectively) for five or more years. Effect size (es), using a random effects model, was calculated. We registered the review protocol with PROSPERO (CRD42019119527).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('From 445 records retrieved, 31 full text articles were reviewed and 5 articles met inclusion criteria for meta-analysis. The summary es revealed the prevalence of bone fractures among children and adolescents with ADHD to be 4.83\u2009% (95\u2009% CI: 3.07-6.58\u2009%). The location of bone fractures, using a subset of data, showed a distribution of 69.62\u2009%, 22.85\u2009%, and 7.53\u2009% in the upper limbs, lower limbs, and other anatomical regions, respectively. Another subset of studies revealed a 2.55-fold increase in the prevalence of fractures among the children with ADHD compared to their counterparts.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Awareness of these findings is critical to physicians, parents, and policy makers to create safe environments and provide supports in order to optimize the health and safety of children and adolescents with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31628418,Druggable genome in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and its co-morbid conditions. New avenues for treatment.,[],"['Tor-Arne Hegvik', 'Kai Waløen', 'Sunil K Pandey', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Jan Haavik', 'Tetyana Zayats']","['Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a common neurodevelopmental disorder with only symptomatic care available. Genome-wide association (GWA) studies can provide a starting point in the search for novel drug targets and possibilities of drug repurposing. Here, we explored the druggable genome in ADHD by utilising GWA studies on ADHD and its co-morbid conditions. First, we explored whether the genes targeted by current ADHD drugs show association with the disorder and/or its co-morbidities. Second, we aimed to identify genes and pathways involved in the biological processes underlying ADHD that can be targeted by pharmacological agents. These ADHD-associated druggable genes and pathways were also examined in co-morbidities of ADHD, as commonalities in their aetiology and management may lead to novel pharmacological insights. Strikingly, none of the genes encoding targets of first-line pharmacotherapeutics for ADHD were significantly associated with the disorder, suggesting that FDA-approved ADHD drugs may act through different mechanisms than those underlying ADHD. In the examined druggable genome, three loci on chromosomes 1, 4 and 12 revealed significant association with ADHD and contained nine druggable genes, five of which encode established drug targets for malignancies, autoimmune and neurodevelopmental disorders. To conclude, we present a framework to assess the druggable genome in a disorder, exemplified by ADHD. We highlight signal transduction and cell adhesion as potential novel avenues for ADHD treatment. Our findings add to knowledge on known ADHD drugs and present the exploration of druggable genome associated with ADHD, which may offer interventions at the aetiological level of the disorder.']"33469789,Effects of the dopamine transporter gene on neuroimaging findings in different attention deficit hyperactivity disorder presentations.,"['ADHD subtypes', 'Attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder', 'DAT1 gene', 'Neuroimaging genetic', 'fMRI']","['Ali Bacanlı', 'Gul Unsel-Bolat', 'Serkan Suren', 'Kemal Utku Yazıcı', 'Cem Callı', 'Duygu Aygunes Jafari', 'Buket Kosova', 'Luis Augusto Rohde', 'Eyup Sabri Ercan']","['Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a phenotipically and neurobiologically heterogeneous disorder. Deficiencies at different levels in response inhibition, differences in dopamine transporter genotype (DAT1) and various symptomatic presentations contribute to ADHD heterogeneity. Integrating these three aspects into a functional neuroimaging research could help unreval specific neurobiological components of more phenotipically homogeneous groups of patients with ADHD. During the Go-NoGo trial, we investigated the effect of the DAT1 gene using 3\xa0T MRI in 72 ADHD cases and 24 (TD) controls that typically developed between the ages 8 and 15\xa0years. In the total ADHD group, DAT1 predicted homozygosity for the 10R allele and hypoactivation in the anterior cingulate cortex and paracingulate cortex. There were no significant activation differences between DAT1 10R/10R homozygotes and 9R carriers in TD controls. Subjects with predominantly inattentive ADHD (ADHD-I) presentation with DAT1 10R/10R homozygous reduced neuronal activation during Go trial particularly in the frontal regions and insular cortex, and in the parietal regions during NoGo trial (brain regions reported as part of Default Mode Network- DMN). Additionally, DAT1 10R/10R homozygousness was associated with increased occipital zone activation during only the Go trial in the ADHD combined presentation (ADHD-C) group. Our results point the three main findings: 1) The DAT1 gene is 10R homozygous for differentiated brain activation in ADHD cases but not in the TD controls, supporting the DAT1 gene as a potential marker for ADHD, 2) The relationship between the DAT1 gene and the occipital regions in ADHD-C group which may reflect compensatory mechanisms, 3) The relationship between DAT1 gene and the reduced DMN suppression for 9R carriers probabaly stems from the ADHD-I group.']"32580088,Dlg4 and Vamp2 are involved in comorbid epilepsy and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: A microarray data study.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Differentially expressed genes (DEG)', 'Epilepsy', 'Functional enrichment analysis', 'Weighed gene coexpression network analysis (WGCNA)']","['Xiao-Jun Xi', 'Ji-Hong Tang', 'Bing-Bing Zhang', 'Xiao Xiao', 'Xiao-Yue Hu', 'Yu Wan', 'Cheng Zhou', 'Hong Lin']","[StringElement('Children with epilepsy exhibit a significantly higher risk for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), which is often associated with lower quality of life. In this study, we aimed to identify molecular mechanisms associated with both epilepsy and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Gene expression profiles of GSE12457 and GSE47752 were downloaded from the gene expression omnibus (GEO) database. Differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were separately screened in epilepsy and ADHD samples and compared with controls. Weighted gene coexpression network analysis (WGCNA) was used to identify candidate modules associated with the two disorders. Functional annotation and analysis of hub genes and molecular complex detection (MCODE) was also performed.', attributes={'Label': 'MATERIALS AND METHODS'}), StringElement('Three modules closely related to epilepsy and ADHD were screened using WGCNA; DEGs in this module were involved in the synaptic vesicle cycle, axon and neuron regeneration, and neurotransmission. The Dlg4 and Vamp2 genes were selected as common candidate factors in epilepsy and ADHD pathogenesis.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Dlg4 and Vamp2 could play essential roles in comorbidity between epilepsy and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"31974733,Transcranial Alternating Current Stimulation (tACS) as a Tool to Modulate P300 Amplitude in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): Preliminary Findings.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'P300', 'Transcranial alternating current stimulation']","['Isa Dallmer-Zerbe', 'Fabian Popp', 'Alexandra Philomena Lam', 'Alexandra Philipsen', 'Christoph Siegfried Herrmann']","['Studies examining event-related potentials (ERP) in patients affected by attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have found considerable evidence of reduced target P300 amplitude across different perceptual modalities. P300 amplitude has been related to attention-driven context comparison and resource allocation processes. Altered P300 amplitude in ADHD can be reasonably assumed to be related to ADHD typical cognitive performance deficits. Transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) can increase the amplitude of endogenous brain oscillations. Because ERP components can be viewed as event-related oscillations (EROs), with P300 translating into the delta (0-4\xa0Hz) and theta (4-8\xa0Hz) frequency range, an increase of delta and theta ERO amplitudes by tACS should result in an increase of P300 amplitudes in ADHD patients. In this pilot study, 18 adult ADHD patients (7 female) performed three consecutive blocks of a visual oddball task while the electroencephalogram (EEG) was recorded. Patients received either 20\xa0min of tACS or sham stimulation at a stimulation intensity of 1\xa0mA. Individual stimulation frequency was determined using a time-frequency decomposition of the P300. Our preliminary results demonstrate a significant increase in P300 amplitude in the stimulation group which was accompanied by a decrease in omission errors pre-to-post tACS. However, studies including larger sample sizes are advised.']"36171270,Prenatal and early postnatal exposure to a natural disaster and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder symptoms in Indian children.,[],"['Tomasz Hanć', 'Aleksandra Gomula', 'Natalia Nowak-Szczepanska', 'Raja Chakraborty', 'Sławomir Kozieł']","[""The aim of this study was to assess the relation between early exposure to stressful events and symptoms of the Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in children, based on the outcomes from a natural experiment. It was hypothesized that children pre- and postnatally exposed to cyclone Aila have increased ADHD symptoms compared to the control group, and the effect depends on the timing of the exposure. Indian children (8-11\xa0years) prenatally (N\u2009=\u2009336) and early postnatally (N\u2009=\u2009216) exposed to cyclone Aila were compared to a non-exposed control peer group (N\u2009=\u2009285). ADHD symptoms were assessed using the Conner's Teacher Rating Scale Revised. The main effect of exposure to the cyclone on the total ADHD symptoms' score, ADHD index, Hyperactivity and Oppositional symptoms was significant and independent to covariates: age and sex of children, gestational age and birth weight, maternal stress during the year before the study and the socioeconomic status of a family. The timing of exposure and sex of the children were found to be a significant moderator of the relation between early exposure to the natural disaster and ADHD symptoms. The prenatal, but also early postnatal exposure to stressful experiences such as a natural disaster, may disturb the development of cognitive functions and behavioural control, thus increasing the risk of ADHD in children.""]"33740922,Effects of equine-assisted activities on attention and quality of life in children with cerebral palsy in a randomized trial: examining the comorbidity with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Cerebral palsy', 'Equine-assisted activities']","['Bomi Ahn', 'Yoo-Sook Joung', 'Jeong-Yi Kwon', 'Dong Ik Lee', 'Soohwan Oh', 'Byoung-Uk Kim', 'Jung Yoon Cha', 'Ji-Hae Kim', 'Ji Young Lee', 'Hye Yeon Shin', 'Yun Sik Seo']","[StringElement('Attention problems and decreased quality of life are frequently accompanied in Cerebral Palsy (CP), which can negatively affect rehabilitation of physical disability. However, the majority of affected children remain untreated in the aspects of attention or psychosocial factors. Equine-Assisted Activities and Therapies (EAAT) use horse as a therapeutic modality including grooming as well as mounted riding activities in which patients exercise and experience mounted stimulation. It is known to help improve attention in children with ADHD, so that it can be an exercise therapy that is expected to improvement of attention as well as rehabilitating effects in CP patients. EAA may be a promising strategy to address the unmet need for CP patients. This study aims to investigate the efficacy of EAA for children with CP, those with both CP and ADHD and confirm the comorbidity between CP and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Forty-six children with cerebral palsy participated in this study. For the exercise group, they participated in a 40-min session twice a week for a 16-week period, while the control group engaged in daily life without any special treatments. Each children individually were assessed on attention and psychological wellbeing at baseline and post-treatment. Comorbidity were identified based on the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorder 5th edition (DSM-5) and confirmed by Korean Kiddie-Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia Present and Lifetime Version (K-SADS-PL).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Perseveration rated using the Conner's Performance Test (CPT) showed a significant decrease only in the exercise group (p\u2009<\u2009.024). However, no significant improvement in children's quality of life was observed after EAA program compared with control group. Among the total participants, fifteen children (31.91%) were diagnosed with ADHD. When conducting an additional analysis with the subsample of CP patients diagnosed with ADHD, the d', commission error and perseveration showed a significant decrease only in the exercise group. Children with CP and ADHD reported an improvement in quality of life both in exercise and control group, but only in the exercise group social functioning exhibited a significant difference."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The positive effects of the EAA on attention and quality of life were confirmed. Children with CP in the exercise group were more capable to sustain their attention longer. Those with CP and ADHD showed an increase in attention and perceived to have better social skills after receiving 16\u2009weeks of EAA compared to those in the control group. Considering high comorbidity of CP and ADHD, it seems that the EAA program could be the better alternative treatment for CP with attentional problem. The results of this study will contribute to growing evidence for the efficacy of EAA in children especially with CP and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'}), StringElement('This trial was registered on ClinicalTrials.gov ( NCT03870893 ). Registered 26 July 2017.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION'})]"30952157,White matter microstructure is associated with hyperactive/inattentive symptomatology and polygenic risk for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in a population-based sample of adolescents.,[],"['Matthew D Albaugh', 'James J Hudziak', 'Alex Ing', 'Bader Chaarani', 'Edward Barker', 'Tianye Jia', 'Herve Lemaitre', 'Richard Watts', 'Catherine Orr', 'Philip A Spechler', 'Claude Lepage', 'Vladimir Fonov', 'Louis Collins', 'Pierre Rioux', 'Alan C Evans', 'Tobias Banaschewski', 'Arun L W Bokde', 'Uli Bromberg', 'Christian Büchel', 'Erin Burke Quinlan', 'Sylvane Desrivières', 'Herta Flor', 'Vincent Frouin', 'Penny Gowland', 'Andreas Heinz', 'Bernd Ittermann', 'Jean-Luc Martinot', 'Frauke Nees', 'Dimitri Papadopoulos Orfanos', 'Tomáš Paus', 'Luise Poustka', 'Juliane H Fröhner', 'Michael N Smolka', 'Henrik Walter', 'Robert Whelan', 'Gunter Schumann', 'Hugh Garavan', 'Alexandra Potter']","['Few studies have investigated the link between putative biomarkers of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptomatology and genetic risk for ADHD. To address this, we investigate the degree to which ADHD symptomatology is associated with white matter microstructure and cerebral cortical thickness in a large population-based sample of adolescents. Critically, we then test the extent to which multimodal correlates of ADHD symptomatology are related to ADHD polygenic risk score (PRS). Neuroimaging, genetic, and behavioral data were obtained from the IMAGEN study. A dimensional ADHD composite score was derived from multi-informant ratings of ADHD symptomatology. Using tract-based spatial statistics, whole brain voxel-wise regressions between fractional anisotropy (FA) and ADHD composite score were calculated. Local cortical thickness was regressed on ADHD composite score. ADHD PRS was based on a very recent genome-wide association study, and calculated using PRSice. ADHD composite score was negatively associated with FA in several white matter pathways, including bilateral superior and inferior longitudinal fasciculi (p\u2009<\u20090.05, corrected). ADHD composite score was negatively associated with orbitofrontal cortical thickness (p\u2009<\u20090.05, corrected). The ADHD composite score was correlated with ADHD PRS (p\u2009<\u20090.001). FA correlates of ADHD symptomatology were significantly associated with ADHD PRS, whereas cortical thickness correlates of ADHD symptomatology were unrelated to ADHD PRS. Variation in hyperactive/inattentive symptomatology was associated with white matter microstructure, which, in turn, was related to ADHD PRS. Results suggest that genetic risk for ADHD symptomatology may be tied to biological processes affecting white matter microstructure.']"32240011,Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in adults: what the non-specialist needs to know.,"['ADHD', 'Adults', 'Assessment', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Treatment']","['Joe Johnson', 'Sarah Morris', 'Sanju George']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is a persistent, pervasive neurodevelopmental disorder, characterised by the core features of hyperactivity, impulsivity and inattention. While previously thought to be a condition that only affects children, it is now well recognised that in a significant proportion of cases both symptoms and associated impairment will persist into adulthood. Nevertheless, many cases are missed or misdiagnosed because of the lack of awareness of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder as a potential diagnosis in adults, the number of symptoms that overlap with other psychiatric conditions, and the high rates of comorbidity. However, once correctly diagnosed, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder responds well to treatment, particularly pharmacological intervention. This article gives an overview of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder with special emphasis on the diagnosis and pharmacological treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in adults.']"35742503,Occupational Branch and Labor Market Marginalization among Young Employees with Adult Onset of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder-A Population-Based Matched Cohort Study.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'labor market marginalization', 'occupational branches', 'sickness absence', 'unemployment', 'young adults']","['Katalin Gémes', 'Emma Björkenstam', 'Syed Rahman', 'Klas Gustafsson', 'Heidi Taipale', 'Antti Tanskanen', 'Lisa Ekselius', 'Ellenor Mittendorfer-Rutz', 'Magnus Helgesson']","['We compared labor market marginalization (LMM), conceptualized as days of unemployment, sickness absence and disability pension, across occupational branches (manufacturing, construction, trade, finance, health and social care, and education), among young employees with or without attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and examined whether sociodemographic and health-related factors explain these associations. All Swedish residents aged 19-29 years and employed between 1 January 2005 and 31 December 2011 were eligible. Individuals with a first ADHD diagnosis (<i>n</i> = 6030) were matched with ten controls and followed for five years. Zero-inflated negative binomial regression was used to model days of LMM with adjustments for sociodemographic and health-related factors. In total, 20% of those with ADHD and 59% of those without had no days of LMM during the follow-up. The median of those with LMM days with and without ADHD was 312 and 98 days. Having an ADHD diagnosis was associated with a higher incidence of LMM days (incident rate ratios (IRRs) 2.7-3.1) with no differences across occupational branches. Adjustments for sociodemographic and health-related factors explained most of the differences (IRRs: 1.4-1.7). In conclusion, young, employed adults with ADHD had a higher incidence of LMM days than those without, but there were no substantial differences between branches, even after adjusting for sociodemographic and health-related factors.']"33253237,Computer-based inhibitory control training in children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): Evidence for behavioral and neural impact.,[],"['Kristin N Meyer', 'Rosario Santillana', 'Brian Miller', 'Wes Clapp', 'Marcus Way', 'Katrina Bridgman-Goines', 'Margaret A Sheridan']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most commonly diagnosed psychological disorder of childhood. Medication and cognitive behavioral therapy are effective treatments for many children; however, adherence to medication and therapy regimens is low. Thus, identifying effective adjunct treatments is imperative. Previous studies exploring computerized training programs as supplementary treatments have targeted working memory or attention. However, many lines of research suggest inhibitory control (IC) plays a central role in ADHD pathophysiology, which makes IC a potential intervention target. In this randomized control trial (NCT03363568), we target IC using a modified stop-signal task (SST) training designed by NeuroScouting, LLC in 40 children with ADHD, aged 8 to 11 years. Children were randomly assigned to adaptive treatment (n = 20) or non-adaptive control (n = 20) with identical stimuli and task goals. Children trained at home for at least 5 days a week (about 15m/day) for 4-weeks. Relative to the control group, the treatment group showed decreased relative theta power in resting EEG and trending improvements in parent ratings of attention (i.e. decreases in inattentive behaviors). Both groups showed improved SST performance. There was not evidence for treatment effects on hyperactivity or teacher ratings of symptoms. Results suggest training IC alone has potential to positively impact symptoms of ADHD and provide evidence for neural underpinnings of this impact (change in theta power; change in N200 latency). This shows promising initial results for the use of computerized training of IC in children with ADHD as a potential adjunct treatment option for children with ADHD.']"34758078,Increased prevalence of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder symptomatology in patients with familial Mediterranean fever.,"['ADHD', 'FMF', 'autoinflammatory', 'child compliance']","['Eran Lavi', 'Aus Maree', 'Eli M Eisenstein', 'Isaiah Wexler', 'Itai Berger', 'Yackov Berkun']","[StringElement('Previous studies suggest that exposure to inflammation in infancy may increase the risk for attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). We studied the ADHD manifestations among 124 familial Mediterranean fever (FMF) patients and examined the relationship between FMF patient characteristics and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""Clinical, demographic, and genetic data were abstracted from patients' medical records and supplemented by information obtained during clinic visits. ADHD manifestations were assessed using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (5th ed.) questionnaire."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD was diagnosed in 42 (32.8%) FMF patients, a rate significantly higher than in unselected populations (∼8%). A majority (n\u2009=\u200927, 64.3%) had combined inattentive, hyperactive-impulsive manifestations. Eight (19%) had predominantly hyperactive-impulsive, and seven (16.6%) had predominantly inattentive symptoms. FMF patients with severe manifestations reported more ADHD symptoms. FMF patients with ADHD symptoms were less adherent to their treatment regimen, with only 61.9% of the patients with ADHD symptoms adhering to colchicine therapy compared to 92.7% of the patients without ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The high prevalence of ADHD characteristics in children with FMF may support the neuroimmune hypothesis that chronic inflammation increases the risk for ADHD. Children with FMF should be screened for ADHD as its presence may adversely affect adherence to treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29921155,Supplementation with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in the management of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Nutrition', 'PUFA', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'health', 'omega', 'polyunsaturated fatty acids', 'supplements']","['Tobias Banaschewski', 'Brendan Belsham', 'Michael H Bloch', 'Maite Ferrin', 'Mats Johnson', 'James Kustow', 'Sarah Robinson', 'Alessandro Zuddas']","[""While pharmacotherapy and psychosocial interventions are recommended as the primary frontline treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), alternative approaches to managing ADHD are becoming increasingly popular among patients and their families. Supplementation with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) is an example of this. PUFA supplementation is not recommended by guidelines for managing ADHD; however, patients may still decide to use it. To provide direction to healthcare professionals (HCPs) managing ADHD, eight international experts in the field of adult and child ADHD came together for the Continuum Education Board: Omega Supplements in ADHD meeting. This commentary summarises the panel's consensus that current evidence suggests PUFA supplementation has a small beneficial effect on behaviour in children with ADHD, and that further high-quality research is needed to clearly evaluate and define its role in the management of ADHD of children, adolescents and adults. The panel concluded that in cases where patients use PUFA supplementation, HCPs should be comfortable explaining the potential gains that they may have and their possible side effects. The panel also concluded HCPs should not reinforce the idea that PUFA supplementation should replace treatment approaches with a more robust evidence base for managing ADHD.""]"30948735,Emotional dysregulation subgroups in patients with adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): a cluster analytic approach.,[],"['Oliver Hirsch', 'Mira Lynn Chavanon', 'Hanna Christiansen']","['Emotion regulation deficits (ERD) are evident in about 34-70% of the adults with ADHD. In contrast to this, they are not considered in the diagnostic criteria of the disorder. In a recent study of our research group using confirmatory factor analysis, we modeled positive and negative emotion as well as emotion regulation skills along with the classical ADHD-core symptoms. We showed that negative affect and the failure to apply adaptive emotion regulation skills were distinct and indicative dimensions in adult ADHD. In this study, we used a person-centered approach based on cluster analysis to subtype patients on the presence or relative absence of ERD. This results in important information to individualize treatment decisions. We found two clusters, with cluster 2 showing high ERD that were associated with higher impairments indicated by depressive mood, negative affect and elevated psychological distress. There were also higher rates of comorbidity in cluster 2 such as somatoform disorders which were associated with ERD. Women were overrepresented in this cluster 2. Neuropsychological variables did not contribute significantly to cluster formation. In conclusion, ADHD in adults is a heterogeneous disorder with specific subgroups that need differential treatment approaches.']"31340804,Effects and clinical feasibility of a behavioral treatment for sleep problems in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): a pragmatic within-group pilot evaluation.,"['ADHD', 'Behavioral treatment', 'Pilot evaluation', 'Sleep problems']","['Susanna Jernelöv', 'Ylva Larsson', 'Milagros Llenas', 'Berkeh Nasri', 'Viktor Kaldo']","[StringElement('Sleep disturbances, including insomnia, are common in adult Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). Treatment of choice for insomnia is cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT-i), but evidence is lacking for CBT-i in patients with ADHD. The purpose of this study was to investigate if patients with insomnia and other sleep problems, at a specialist clinic for ADHD, benefit from a group delivered behavioral treatment based on CBT-i; whether insomnia severity improves following this treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This pragmatic within-group pilot study with a pre to post and three-month follow-up design was set at a specialist psychiatric out-patient clinic for adult ADHD. As an adjunct to care-as-usual at the clinic, a CBT-i-based group treatment targeting several sleep problems prevalent in the ADHD-population, was offered as 10 weekly 90-min group sessions and scheduled telephone support. All outcome measures were subjectively reported by participants. Data analyzed with dependent t-tests according to intent-to-treat.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Nineteen patients (37 [SD 13.7] years; 68% female) with ADHD and subjectively reported sleep problems provided informed consent and pre-treatment measures. Patients had suffered from sleep problems for 15.3 [SD 13.4] years, 42% used sleep medications, 79% used stimulant medication(s). At post-treatment, insomnia severity (Insomnia Severity Index; score range 0-28) had improved with 4.5 points (95% CI, 2.06-6.99, p\xa0=\u2009.002), at 3\xa0months with 6.8 points (95% CI, 4.71-8.91, p\xa0<\u2009.0001) from pre-treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('CBT-i adjusted for ADHD is promising for improving insomnia severity in adult patients at specialist psychiatric out-patient clinics, who suffer from ADHD and sleep disturbances.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('Study registered with the Regional ethical review board in Stockholm, January 13th 2016, Study id: 2015/2078-31/1. Study registered retrospectively with Clinicaltrials.org, February 21st 2019, ID: NCT03852966.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION'})]"25987323,"Types of adult attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): baseline characteristics, initial response, and long-term response to treatment with methylphenidate.",[],"['Fred W Reimherr', 'Barrie K Marchant', 'Thomas E Gift', 'Tammy A Steans', 'Paul H Wender']","['Much recent research describes the importance of emotional symptoms in ADHD. While there is no accepted system for including emotionality in diagnosing ADHD, the Wender-Reimherr Adult Attention Deficit Disorder Scale (WRAADDS) provides a tool to facilitate this. It assesses a range of adult ADHD symptoms which load on two factors: inattentive and emotional dysregulation. The consistently high inattentive factor was used to define significant elevation on the more variable emotional dysregulation factor (which contains four WRAADDS domains: hyperactivity/restlessness, temper, affective lability, and emotional over-reactivity) allowing the definition of two ADHD diagnostic types. We compared these two types on a broad range of adult subject characteristics, including response to methylphenidate (MPH) treatment assessed during two clinical trials. Marked impairment in three of the four emotional domains reflected a symptom severity level equivalent to that of the inattentive factor. 59 % met this threshold, defining them as ADHD emotion dysregulation presentation, as opposed to 41 % with ADHD inattentive presentation. Cluster analysis validated these groups by generating similar clusters with 85 % agreement regarding membership. ADHD emotional dysregulation presentation subjects showed more childhood ADHD symptoms, adult symptoms of oppositional defiant disorder, and evidence of personality disorder. Both types showed similar improvement during the double-blind MPH arm of the trials and during a 6-month open-label phase. Based on the presence of symptoms of emotional dysregulation, ADHD in adults can be conceptualized as two types. Impairment and comorbidity in adults with ADHD are largely concentrated in ADHD emotional dysregulation presentation patients.']"35052388,Gene-Environment Interactions in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Symptom Dimensions: The Role of Unhealthy Food Habits.,"['ADHD', 'food habits', 'gene-environment interactions', 'twin study']","['Lin Li', 'Mark J Taylor', 'Katarina Bälter', 'Tian Xie', 'Berit Skretting Solberg', 'Jan Haavik', 'Alejandro Arias Vásquez', 'Catharina A Hartman', 'Henrik Larsson']","['<i>Background:</i> Dietary habits were investigated as environmental risk factors for Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). However, no previous studies explored the effects of dietary factors on modifying the role of genetic factors on ADHD. <i>Methods:</i> Based on a Swedish population-based twin study with 1518 twin pairs aged 20-47 years, we tested whether the importance of genetic and environmental effects on ADHD varied as a function of dietary habits. Self-reported dietary habits and ADHD symptoms were collected. Twin methods were used to test the degree to which high-sugar and unhealthy food intake moderated the genetic and environmental influences on ADHD symptoms. <i>Results:</i> In middle-aged adults, genetic influences on inattention symptoms were statistically significantly higher among individuals with higher levels of high-sugar (45%, 95%CI: 25-54%) and unhealthy food intake (51%, 95%CI: 31-60%), compared with those with lower levels of consumption of high-sugar (36%, 95%CI: 25-47%) and unhealthy foods (30%, 95%CI: 20-41%). Similar patterns were also found for the associations between hyperactivity/impulsivity and high-sugar/unhealthy food intake, even though the moderation effects were not statistically significant. <i>Conclusion</i> The present study suggests that genetic factors play a more prominent role in individual differences of ADHD symptoms in the presence of the high consumption of sugar and unhealthy foods. Future longitudinal studies with multiple assessments of ADHD and dietary habits are needed to replicate our findings.']"31794864,Variation in Rate of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Management by Primary Care Providers.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'community pediatrics', 'developmental and behavioral pediatrics', 'electronic health records', 'health services research']","['Yair Bannett', 'Heidi M Feldman', 'Jason P Bentley', 'David A Ansel', 'C Jason Wang', 'Lynne C Huffman']","[StringElement('To describe variation in rates of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) management by pediatrics primary care providers (PCPs) and to assess influence of clinician characteristics on variation.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Retrospective cohort study of electronic health records from all office visits of patients aged 4 to 17 years seen at least twice between 2015 and 2017 by 73 clinicians in 9 pediatrics practices of a community-based primary health care network in California. Outcomes per clinician: 1) percent patients seen for ADHD management; (2) percent ADHD patients with diagnosed comorbid conditions. Logistic random-effects regression models examined practice- and clinician-level variation.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of 40,323 patients in the cohort, 2039 (5.1%) carried an ADHD diagnosis, of which 1142 (56%) received ADHD medication. Percent of patients seen for ADHD management varied by clinician from 0.0% to 8.3% (median 3.0%). After accounting for practice-level variation and patient characteristics (ie, sex, age, insurance), clinician characteristics explained 28% of clinician variation in ADHD management. ADHD management rate was associated with high-percent full-time equivalent (odds ratio 1.17; 95% confidence interval 1.07-1.27). Percent of ADHD patients with diagnoses of comorbidities varied by clinician from 0.0% to 100% (median 35%). Association between ADHD management rate and comorbidity diagnosis was minimal (R\xa0=\xa00.10).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Objective electronic health records measures showed that PCPs in this network varied widely in their involvement in ADHD management. For most PCPs, percent of patients with ADHD and diagnosis of comorbidities was lower than estimated prevalence rates. Exploration of modifiable factors associated with PCP variation is needed to inform strategies for implementation of evidence-based practices.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32437191,Child skills training for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): A randomized controlled trial of structured dyadic behavior therapy (SDBT).,[],"['David F Curtis', 'Corey L Heath', 'William J Hogan']","['This pilot study examined structured dyadic behavior therapy (SDBT) as a novel, child skills training intervention for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The purpose of this study was to (a) pilot the feasibility of SDBT, a manualized, child skills training intervention, (b) determine the potential clinical benefits of SDBT as an independent psychotherapy for ADHD, and (c) examine parents\' intervention acceptability. Children of 8-12 years of age with ADHD-combined type (<i>N</i> = 34) were randomly assigned to either SDBT or an ""attention control"" condition receiving child-centered dyadic therapy (CCDT). SDBT targeted high-frequency behavioral and social demands often challenging for children with ADHD. CCDT provided nondirective, experiential psychotherapy without any contingency management methods. Descriptive data revealed a high level of treatment attendance and completion (90%) for both conditions. General linear modeling techniques (multivariate analysis of variance) examined group differences in ADHD outcomes. Results indicated statistically significant differences between the two groups, with greater ADHD symptom reduction for SDBT (Wilks\' λ = .61), <i>F</i>(3, 30) = 6.36, <i>p</i> = .002, η<sub>p</sub>² = .39. SDBT also demonstrated clinically meaningful changes, with ADHD symptom severity reduced below categorical levels of functional impairment. Despite superior behavioral outcomes for SDBT, intervention acceptability did not significantly differ for the two psychotherapies. Results support SDBT as a feasible, clinically promising, and acceptable intervention for ADHD. Parent satisfaction ratings suggest dyadic therapies may benefit participants beyond symptom reduction. Implications for intervention portability and treating ADHD without direct adult participation are discussed. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved).']"26657598,"Characterizing adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity-disorder and comorbid borderline personality disorder: ADHD symptoms, psychopathology, cognitive functioning and psychosocial factors.","['Attention-deficit–hyperactivity-disorder (ADHD)', 'Borderline personality disorder', 'Cognitive', 'Comorbid', 'Neuropsychological', 'Psychosocial']","[""G K O'Malley"", 'L McHugh', 'N Mac Giollabhui', 'J Bramham']","[StringElement('To characterize adults with comorbid attention-deficit/hyperactivity-disorder (ADHD) and borderline personality disorder (BPD) with regard to ADHD symptoms, psychopathology, cognitive functioning and psychosocial factors.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A between-group design compared a group of individuals diagnosed with ADHD (n=40) with a group diagnosed with BPD and who also met the criteria for ADHD (ADHD+BPD) (n=20).', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Significant differences were observed for both childhood and current impulsivity symptoms, whereby ADHD+BPD exhibited increased impulsivity; no differences on self-report and cognitive measures of impulsivity were reported. The ADHD+BPD group scored significantly higher on measures of depression, anxiety and numerous other axis I and II conditions. The ADHD+BPD group scored significantly lower on most measures of intellectual functioning and attention, however largely not on those relating to response inhibition. Furthermore, group differences were observed for psychosocial factors, including education, substance use and criminal record.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Comorbid ADHD and BPD is characterized by more symptoms of impulsivity, additional psychopathology, comparatively lower intellectual and attentional functioning and increased psychosocial difficulties.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"28255761,A Causal and Mediation Analysis of the Comorbidity Between Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD).,"['ADHD', 'ASD', 'Comorbidity', 'Inattention', 'Social interaction']","['Elena Sokolova', 'Anoek M Oerlemans', 'Nanda N Rommelse', 'Perry Groot', 'Catharina A Hartman', 'Jeffrey C Glennon', 'Tom Claassen', 'Tom Heskes', 'Jan K Buitelaar']","['Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are often comorbid. The purpose of this study is to explore the relationships between ASD and ADHD symptoms by applying causal modeling. We used a large phenotypic data set of 417 children with ASD and/or ADHD, 562 affected and unaffected siblings, and 414 controls, to infer a structural equation model using a causal discovery algorithm. Three distinct pathways between ASD and ADHD were identified: (1) from impulsivity to difficulties with understanding social information, (2) from hyperactivity to stereotypic, repetitive behavior, (3) a pairwise pathway between inattention, difficulties with understanding social information, and verbal IQ. These findings may inform future studies on understanding the pathophysiological mechanisms behind the overlap between ASD and ADHD.']"33460048,Immediate-release methylphenidate for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults.,[],"['Raissa Carolina F Cândido', 'Cristiane A Menezes de Padua', 'Su Golder', 'Daniela R Junqueira']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is characterized by symptoms of inattention or impulsivity or both, and hyperactivity, which affect children, adolescents, and adults. In some countries, methylphenidate is the first option to treat adults with moderate or severe ADHD. However, evidence on the efficacy and adverse events of immediate-release (IR) methylphenidate in the treatment of ADHD in adults is limited and\xa0controversial.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To evaluate the efficacy and harms (adverse events) of IR methylphenidate for treating ADHD in adults.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('In January 2020, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, eight additional databases and three trial registers. We also searched internal reports on the European Medicines Agency and the US Food and Drug Administration websites. We checked citations of included trials to identify additional trials not captured by the electronic searches.', attributes={'Label': 'SEARCH METHODS'}), StringElement('Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing IR methylphenidate, at any dose, with placebo or other pharmacological interventions (including extended-release formulations of methylphenidate) for ADHD in adults. Primary outcomes comprised changes in the symptoms of ADHD (efficacy) and harms. Secondary outcomes included changes in the clinical impression of severity and improvement, level of functioning, depression, anxiety and quality of life. Outcomes could have been rated by investigators or participants.', attributes={'Label': 'SELECTION CRITERIA'}), StringElement('Two review authors extracted data independently on the characteristics of the trials, participants, interventions; outcomes and financial conflict of interests. We resolved disagreements by discussion or consulting a third review author. We obtained additional, unpublished information from the authors of one included trial that had reported efficacy data in a graph. We calculated mean differences (MDs) or standardized MDs (SMDs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for continuous data reported on the same or different scales, respectively. We summarized dichotomous variables as\xa0risk ratios (RRs) with 95% CI.', attributes={'Label': 'DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS'}), StringElement(""We included 10 trials published between 2001 and 2016 involving 497 adults with ADHD. Three trials were conducted in Europe and one in Argentina; the remaining trials did not report their location. The RCTs compared IR methylphenidate with placebo, an osmotic-release oral system (OROS) of methylphenidate (an extended-release formulation), an extended-release formulation of bupropion, lithium, and Pycnogenol® (maritime pine bark extract). Participants comprised outpatients, inpatients in addiction treatment, and adults willing to attend an intensive outpatient program for cocaine dependence. The duration of the follow-up ranged from 6 to 18 weeks. IR methylphenidate versus placebo We found very low-certainty evidence that, compared with placebo, IR methylphenidate may reduce symptoms of ADHD when measured with investigator-rated scales (MD -20.70, 95% CI -23.97 to -17.43; 1 trial, 146 participants; end scores; Adult ADHD Investigator Symptom Report Scale (AISRS), scored from 0 to 54), but the evidence is uncertain. The effect of IR methylphenidate on ADHD symptoms when measured with participant-rated scales was moderate, but the certainty of the evidence is very low (SMD -0.59, 95% CI -1.25 to 0.06; I<sup>2</sup> = 69%; 2 trials, 138 participants; end scores). There is very low-certainty evidence that, compared with placebo, IR methylphenidate may reduce the clinical impression of the severity of ADHD symptoms (MD -0.57, 95% CI -0.85 to -0.28; 2 trials, 139 participants; I<sup>2</sup> = 0%; change and end scores; Clinical Global Impression (CGI)-Severity scale (scored from 1 (very much improved) to 7 (very much worse))). There is low-certainty evidence that, compared with placebo, IR methylphenidate may slightly impact the clinical impression of an improvement in symptoms of ADHD (MD -0.94, 95% CI -1.37 to -0.51; 1 trial, 49 participants; end scores; CGI-Improvement scale (scored from 1 (very much improved) to 7 (very much worse))). There is no clear evidence of an effect on anxiety (MD -0.20, 95% CI -4.84 to 4.44; 1 trial, 19 participants; change scores; Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAM-A; scored from 0 to 56); very low-certainty evidence) or depression (MD 2.80, 95% CI -0.09 to 5.69; 1 trial, 19 participants; change scores; Hamilton Depression Scale (HAM-D; scored from 0 to 52); very low-certainty evidence) in analyses comparing IR methylphenidate with placebo. IR methylphenidate versus lithium Compared with lithium, it is uncertain whether IR methylphenidate increases or decreases symptoms of ADHD (MD 0.60, 95% CI -3.11 to 4.31; 1 trial, 46 participants; end scores; Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scale (scored from 0 to 198); very low-certainty evidence); anxiety (MD -0.80, 95% CI -4.49 to 2.89; 1 trial, 46 participants; end scores; HAM-A; very low-certainty evidence); or depression (MD -1.20, 95% CI -3.81 to 1.41, 1 trial, 46 participants; end scores; HAM-D scale; very low-certainty evidence). None of the included trials assessed participant-rated changes in symptoms of ADHD, or clinical impression of severity or improvement in participants treated with IR methylphenidate compared with lithium. Adverse events were poorly assessed and reported. We rated all trials\xa0at high risk of bias due to selective outcome reporting of harms and masking of outcome assessors (failure to blind outcome assessor to measure adverse events). Overall, four trials with 203 participants who received IR methylphenidate and 141 participants who received placebo described the occurrence of harms. The use of IR methylphenidate in these trials increased the risk of gastrointestinal complications (RR 1.96, 95% CI 1.13 to 2.95) and loss of appetite (RR 1.77, 95% CI 1.06 to 2.96). Cardiovascular adverse events were reported inconsistently, preventing a comprehensive analysis. One trial comparing IR methylphenidate to lithium reported five and nine adverse events, respectively. We considered four trials to have notable concerns of vested interests influencing the evidence, and authors from two trials omitted information related to the sources of funding and conflicts of interest."", attributes={'Label': 'MAIN RESULTS'}), StringElement('We found no certain evidence\xa0that IR methylphenidate compared with placebo or lithium can reduce symptoms of ADHD in adults (low- and very low-certainty evidence). Adults treated with IR methylphenidate are at increased risk of gastrointestinal and metabolic-related harms compared with placebo. Clinicians should consider whether it is appropriate\xa0to prescribe IR methylphenidate,\xa0given\xa0its limited efficacy and increased risk of harms. Future RCTs should explore the long-term efficacy and risks of IR methylphenidate, and the influence\xa0of conflicts of interest on\xa0reported effects.', attributes={'Label': ""AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS""})]"30986731,Dietary patterns and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): A systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['Diet', 'Dietary patterns', 'Hyperactivity and ADHD']","['Bianca Del-Ponte', 'Gabriela Callo Quinte', 'Suélen Cruz', 'Merlen Grellert', 'Iná S Santos']","[StringElement('The Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a neurobiological disorder characterized by persistent symptoms of inattention, impulsivity and hyperactivity. The diet during childhood has been investigated as a factor potentially involved in the ADHD etiology.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To review systematically the evidence of the association between dietary patterns and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Two independent literature searches were carried out in PubMed, LILACS and PsycINFO databases. The studies included were only those that assessed dietary patterns and ADHD in children and adolescents. Due to heterogeneity between the studies random-effects models were used to pool the estimates.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We included fourteen observational studies (four cohorts, five case-control and five cross-sectional studies). In the pooled analysis, healthy dietary patterns were protective against ADHD (OR: 0.65; 95% CI: 044 - 0.97), while unhealthy dietary patterns were found as risk to ADHD (OR: 1.41; 95% CI: 1.15-1.74). After stratifying the studies by design (cohort/case control or cross-sectional), continent (Europe or Asia/Oceania) and sample size (≥1000 or <1000) the effects remained.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Absence of randomized controlled trials at the literature on this subject and scarce evidence from more robust designs, such as cohort and case-control studies.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('This study suggests that a diet high in refined sugar and saturated fat can increase the risk, whereas a healthy diet, characterized by high consumption of fruits and vegetables, would protect against ADHD or hyperactivity. Nevertheless, giving the number and the design of most of the studies available in the literature, the current evidence is weak. More studies using longitudinal design need to be performed to reinforce this evidence.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33663047,"The effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on attention and inhibitory control of children and adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): Study protocol for a randomized, sham-controlled, triple-blind, cross-over trial.",[],"['Rachel Silvany Quadros Guimarães', 'Igor D Bandeira', 'Bianca Lima Barretto', 'Thiago Lima Barretto', 'Thamires Wanke', 'Clara Oliveira Carvalho Alves', 'Chrissie Ferreira de Carvalho', 'Pedro H Lucena', 'Luciana Rodrigues-Silva', 'Rita Lucena']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is characterized by a persistent pattern of inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity. Despite the proven efficacy of pharmacological treatment, many individuals continue to suffer socially and academically and some experience significant side effects that negate the use psychotropic drugs. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a cortical neuromodulation feature that has shown positive results in the treatment of various neuropsychiatric conditions.', attributes={'Label': 'ABSTRACT', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('To investigate the effect of tDCS on the performance of children and adolescents with ADHD in the neuropsychological tests of visual attention, verbal, and inhibitory control.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Triple blind, randomized, sham-controlled, cross-over trial involving tDCS in children and adolescents with ADHD. Initial screening will be performed using Swanson, Nolan, and Pelham - IVand Wechsler intelligence scale for children fourth edition vocabulary and cube subtests. Individuals will be evaluated pre-tDCS and post-tDCS with the Wechsler intelligence scale for children fourth edition Digitus subtest, neuropsychological assessment battery second edition inhibiting responses subtest, Corsi cubes, and visual attention test-4.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODOLOGY', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'})]"36202807,Association between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptom severity and white matter integrity moderated by in-scanner head motion.,[],"['Sabine Dziemian', 'Zofia Barańczuk-Turska', 'Nicolas Langer']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common and debilitating neurodevelopmental disorder associated with various negative life impacts. The manifestation of ADHD is very heterogeneous, and previous investigations on neuroanatomical alterations in ADHD have yielded inconsistent results. We investigated the mediating effect of in-scanner head motion and ADHD hyperactivity severity on motion-corrected fractional anisotropy (FA) using diffusion tensor imaging in the currently largest sample (n\u2009=\u2009739) of medication-naïve children and adolescents (age range 5-22 years). We used automated tractography to examine whole-brain and mean FA of the tracts most frequently reported in ADHD; corpus callosum forceps major and forceps minor, left and right superior-longitudinal fasciculus, and left and right corticospinal tract (CST). Associations between FA and hyperactivity severity appeared when in-scanner head motion was not accounted for as mediator. However, causal mediation analysis revealed that these effects are fully mediated through in-scanner head motion for whole-brain FA, the corpus callosum forceps minor, and left superior-longitudinal fasciculus. Direct effect of hyperactivity severity on FA was only found for the left CST. This study illustrates the crucial role of in-scanner head motion in the identification of white matter integrity alterations in ADHD and shows how neglecting irremediable motion artifacts causes spurious findings. When the mediating effect of in-scanner head motion on FA is accounted for, an association between hyperactivity severity and FA is only present for the left CST; this may play a crucial role in the manifestation of hyperactivity and impulsivity symptoms in ADHD.']"32781442,Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder among Clients Diagnosed with a Substance Use Disorder in the Therapeutic Communities: Prevalence and Psychiatric Comorbidity.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Comorbidity', 'Diagnosis', 'Epidemiology', 'Mental health', 'Methamphetamine', 'Psychiatric symptoms', 'Substance use disorder', 'Therapeutic community', 'Treatment of addictions']","['Michal Miovský', 'Kateřina Lukavská', 'Eva Rubášová', 'Lenka Šťastná', 'Martin Šefránek', 'Roman Gabrhelík']","[StringElement('Most severe substance use disorders (SUDs) are connected with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and other mental health problems. Therapeutic communities (TCs) provide a suitable option for the treatment of severe SUDs. The relationship between ADHD, the severity of the SUD, and other comorbidities in residential TCs is unknown.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To estimate the prevalence of ADHD among clients with an SUD in residential rehab, and to compare the mental health of clients with and without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A cohort study was conducted in 5 residential TCs (N = 180, 76.7% male, 53.9% 25-34 years, 79.2% diagnosed with methamphetamine use disorder). We assessed ADHD symptoms, substance use, mental health problems, and psychiatric symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""ADHD was found in 51% of the clients who showed significantly higher scores for their psychiatric status composite score (ASI-PSY) (F = 9.08, p < 0.001; t = 5.05, p < 0.001), the positive psychiatric symptoms total (SCL-PST) (F = 3.36, p < 0.05; t = 3.15, p < 0.01), and the global severity index (SCL-GSI) (F = 3.27, p < 0.05; t = 3.18, p < 0.01). The ASI-PSY and SCL correlated significantly with the symptoms of attention deficit disorder (Pearson's r's = 0.30-0.42, p's < 0.001) and the symptoms of hyperactivity disorder (r's = 0.24-0.30, p's < 0.01). Even when severity of substance use was accounted for, ADHD was confirmed as a significant predictor of ASI-PSY (B= 0.14, p < 0.001 for combined disorder; B = 0.20, p < 0.001 for attention disorder) and partially of SCL-PST (B = 8.12, p < 0.05 for attention disorder)."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The ADHD prevalence in TCs was nearly 10-fold compared to the globally recorded values. ADHD diagnostic procedures and interventions should become an integral part of the standard diagnostic and treatment process.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34166912,Mice with reduced glutamate transporter GLT1 expression exhibit behaviors related to attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'GLT1', 'Glutamate transporter', 'Hyperactivity', 'Hypomorph', 'Impulsivity']","['Yuichi Hiraoka', 'Kaori Sugiyama', 'Daiki Nagaoka', 'Iku Tsutsui-Kimura', 'Kenji F Tanaka', 'Kohichi Tanaka']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common neuropsychiatric disorder in children. Although animal models and human brain imaging studies indicate a significant role for glutamatergic dysfunction in ADHD, there is no direct evidence that glutamatergic dysfunction is sufficient to induce ADHD-like symptoms. The glial glutamate transporter GLT1 plays a critical role in glutamatergic neurotransmission. We report here the generation of mice expressing only 20% of normal levels of the GLT1. Unlike conventional GLT1 knockout mice, these mice survive to adulthood and exhibit ADHD-like phenotypes, including hyperactivity, impulsivity and impaired memory. These findings indicate that glutamatergic dysfunction due to GLT1 deficiency, a mechanism distinct from the dopaminergic deficit hypothesis of ADHD, underlies ADHD-like symptoms.']"28334570,Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and disordered eating behaviour: A systematic review and a framework for future research.,"['ADHD', 'Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Disordered eating behaviour', 'Eating disorders', 'Systematic review']","['Panagiota Kaisari', 'Colin T Dourish', 'Suzanne Higgs']","['Preliminary findings suggest that Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) may be associated with disordered eating behaviour, but whether there is sufficient evidence to suggest an association between ADHD and specific types of disordered eating behaviour is unclear. Furthermore, it is uncertain whether specific features associated with ADHD are differentially associated with disordered eating behaviour. A systematic review of seventy-five studies was conducted to evaluate the potential association between ADHD symptomatology and disordered eating behaviour and to provide an estimate of the strength of evidence for any association. Overall, a moderate strength of evidence exists for a positive association between ADHD and disordered eating and with specific types of disordered-eating behaviour, in particular, overeating behaviour. There is consistent evidence that impulsivity symptoms of ADHD are positively associated with overeating and bulimia nervosa and more limited evidence for an association between hyperactivity symptoms and restrictive eating in males but not females. Further research is required to assess the potential direction of the relationship between ADHD and disordered eating, the underlying mechanisms and the role of specific ADHD symptoms in the development and/or maintenance of disordered eating behaviour. We propose a framework that could be used to guide the design of future studies.']"31021250,Specific Effects of Individualized Cognitive Training in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): The Role of Pre-Training Cognitive Impairment and Individual Training Performance.,"['ADHD', 'child', 'cognitive intervention', 'executive functions', 'plasticity']","['Franziska Minder', 'Agnieszka Zuberer', 'Daniel Brandeis', 'Renate Drechsler']","[""<b>Objective</b>: We investigated the impact of the pre-training neuropsychological (NP) impairment and of the training progress on the NP and behavioural outcome after computerized cognitive training (CogT) in children with ADHD. <b>Method</b>: Thirty-one participants underwent individualized CogT (focussing on one or two cognitive domains: working memory, inhibition, attention) over 12\xa0weeks. NP tests and behaviour ratings served as outcome measures. <b>Results</b>: After CogT, significant improvements emerged according to parents' ratings, but only on very few NP test measures. Children with milder/no pre-training NP impairment showed larger improvements on behavioural ratings than more impaired children. A steeper training performance slope was related to better behavioural outcomes. <b>Conclusion</b>: We find partial support for specific effects of CogT, but the assumption that an individually tailored selection of training tasks would be particularly beneficial for children with ADHD with NP deficits was not confirmed. Trial registration number: NCT02358941.""]"33244849,Genetic overlap and causality between substance use disorder and attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder.,"['Mendelian randomization', 'attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder', 'genetic correlation', 'polygenic risk score', 'substance use disorder']","['Laura Vilar-Ribó', 'Cristina Sánchez-Mora', 'Paula Rovira', 'Vanesa Richarte', 'Montserrat Corrales', 'Christian Fadeuilhe', 'Lorena Arribas', 'Miquel Casas', 'Josep Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'Marta Ribasés', 'María Soler Artigas']","['Substance use disorder (SUD) often co-occur at high prevalence with other psychiatric conditions. Among them, attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is present in almost one out of every four subjects with SUD and is associated with higher severity, more frequent polysubstance dependence and increased risk for other mental health problems in SUD patients. Despite studies suggesting a genetic basis in the co-occurrence of these two conditions, the genetic factors involved in the joint development of both disorders and the mechanisms mediating these causal relationships are still unknown. In this study, we tested whether the genetic liability to five SUD-related phenotypes share a common background in the general population and clinically diagnosed ADHD individuals from an in-house sample of 989 subjects and further explored the genetic overlap and the causal relationship between ADHD and SUD using pre-existing GWAS datasets. Our results confirm a common genetic background between ADHD and SUD and support the current literature on the causal effect of the liability to ADHD on the risk for SUD. We added novel findings on the effect of the liability of lifetime cannabis use on ADHD and found evidence of shared genetic background underlying SUD in general population and in ADHD, at least for lifetime cannabis use, alcohol dependence and smoking initiation. These findings are in agreement with the high comorbidity observed between ADHD and SUD and highlight the need to control for substance use in ADHD and to screen for ADHD comorbidity in all SUD patients to provide optimal clinical interventions.']"35792652,Caring for adolescents and young adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in primary care: seizing opportunities to address youth mental health needs.,[],"['Hannah Driscoll', 'Amanda D Kimberg', 'Richard J Chung']","[StringElement('To provide primary care providers (PCPs) with updated practical guidance around the assessment and management of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adolescents and young adults (AYA).', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE OF REVIEW'}), StringElement('Of the three different presentations of ADHD delineated in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-5), the Predominantly Inattentive presentation is the most common among AYA. Multiple rating scales exist to assist clinicians in identifying ADHD symptoms and monitoring treatment effects. Importantly, ADHD frequently persists into adulthood with negative impacts in many life domains if left untreated. It is important for PCPs to provide support for AYA as they transition to adulthood, as treatment adherence often drops sharply at that time, and, once treatment is discontinued, it is rarely restarted. Further, clinicians should be aware of the negative psychological, behavioral, and social impacts that COVID-19 has had on AYA with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RECENT FINDINGS'}), StringElement('AYA with ADHD often seek care first from PCPs. However, diagnosis and management of ADHD among AYA are challenging, and many clinicians feel ill-equipped, creating concern that many youth may go undiagnosed and untreated. Despite these long-standing challenges, recent advances have opened up critical opportunities for PCPs to proactively address ADHD in primary care settings and make a profound impact on youth as they seek to realize their full potential.', attributes={'Label': 'SUMMARY'})]"31182047,Evaluation of a structured skills training group for adolescents with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) - study protocol of a randomised controlled trial.,"['ADHD', 'Adolescents', 'DBT', 'Group treatment', 'Psychoeducation', 'RCT', 'Therapy']","['Jenny Meyer', 'Mia Ramklint', 'Maria Unenge Hallerbäck', 'Måns Lööf', 'Johan Isaksson']","[StringElement('Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has a negative impact on several domains of life. However, there is a shortage of evidence-based non-pharmacological treatments for adolescents with ADHD. A structured skills training group (SSTG) based on dialectical behaviour therapy (DBT) has been used in adult patients with ADHD with some promising results, although the treatment has not yet been adapted or evaluated for adolescents with ADHD. This study protocol describes how this treatment was adapted for an adolescent population and how the efficacy of the SSTG will be evaluated using a randomised controlled trial (RCT) design.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A sample of 184 adolescents (15-18\u2009years of age) with a diagnosis of ADHD has been recruited from seven child and adolescent psychiatric outpatient units and randomised to either the SSTG or an active control group based on psychoeducation. Measures are conducted weekly during the treatment, as well as 2\u2009weeks before treatment and 2\u2009weeks and 6\u2009months after treatment. The primary outcome measures are ADHD symptoms, functional impairment, quality of life and mindfulness. Secondary outcome measures are symptoms of comorbid psychopathology, perceived stress and sleep problems. This article describes the design, methods and analysis plan for evaluating the efficacy of the SSTG.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The study will be the first RCT to examine the acceptability and efficacy of a SSTG based on DBT adapted for adolescents with ADHD. We believe that the study will extend the current knowledge base about psychological treatment for adolescents with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION'}), StringElement('ISRCTN registry ( ISRCTN17366720 ). Retrospectively registered May 112,016.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION'})]"35216811,Genetic Association of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Major Depression With Suicidal Ideation and Attempts in Children: The Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development Study.,"['ADHD', 'Adolescents', 'Children', 'Depression', 'Polygenic risk score', 'Suicide']","['Phil H Lee', 'Alysa E Doyle', 'Xuyang Li', 'Micah Silberstein', 'Jae-Yoon Jung', 'Randy L Gollub', 'Andrew A Nierenberg', 'Richard T Liu', 'Ronald C Kessler', 'Roy H Perlis', 'Maurizio Fava']","[StringElement('Suicide is among the leading causes of death in children and adolescents. There are well-known risk factors of suicide, including childhood abuse, family conflicts, social adversity, and psychopathology. While suicide risk is also known to be heritable, few studies have investigated genetic risk in younger individuals.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Using polygenic risk score analysis, we examined whether genetic susceptibility to major psychiatric disorders is associated with suicidal behaviors among 11,878 children enrolled in the ABCD (Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development) Study. Suicidal ideation and suicide attempt data were assessed using the youth report of the Kiddie Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for DSM-5. After performing robust quality control of genotype data, unrelated individuals of European descent were included in analyses (n\xa0= 4344).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Among 8 psychiatric disorders we examined, depression polygenic risk scores were associated with lifetime suicide attempts both in the baseline (odds ratio\xa0= 1.55, 95% CI\xa0= 1.10-2.18, p\xa0= 1.27\xa0× 10<sup>-2</sup>) and in the follow-up year (odds ratio\xa0= 1.38, 95% CI\xa0= 1.08-1.77, p\xa0= 1.05\xa0× 10<sup>-2</sup>), after adjusting for children's age, sex, socioeconomic backgrounds, family history of suicide, and psychopathology. In contrast, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder polygenic risk scores were associated with lifetime suicidal ideation (odds ratio\xa0= 1.15, 95% CI\xa0= 1.05-1.26, p\xa0= 3.71\xa0× 10<sup>-3</sup>), suggesting a distinct contribution of the genetic risk underlying attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and depression on suicidal behaviors of children."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The largest genetic sample of suicide risk data in U.S. children suggests a significant genetic basis of suicide risk related to attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and depression. Further research is warranted to examine whether incorporation of genomic risk may facilitate more targeted screening and intervention efforts.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29528702,Moderating Effect of Motor Proficiency on the Relationship Between ADHD Symptoms and Sleep Problems in Children With Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder-Combined Type.,[],"['Nicole Papadopoulos', 'Vasileios Stavropoulos', 'Jennifer McGinley', 'Mark Bellgrove', 'Bruce Tonge', 'Anna Murphy', 'Kim Cornish', 'Nicole Rinehart']","[StringElement('A high proportion of children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder- Combined type (ADHD-CT) experience sleep and motor problems. This study investigated (a) whether motor proficiency moderated the relationship between ADHD symptoms and sleep problems in children with and without ADHD-CT and (b) whether this moderation differed as a function of ADHD diagnosis.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES/BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A sample of 70 primary school male children between 8-15 years were recruited; children with ADHD-CT (n = 38; mean age 10 years, 2 months [SD = 1 year, 6 months]) and a typically developing (TD) (n = 32; mean age 9 years, 6 months [SD = 1 year, 5 months]) group.', attributes={'Label': 'PARTICIPANTS'}), StringElement(""Motor proficiency was measured using the Movement Assessment Battery for Children-2nd Edition (MABC-2), ADHD symptoms were measured using the Conners' Parent Rating Scale (CPRS) and parent reported sleep problems were measured using the Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children who reported higher ADHD symptoms and lower motor proficiency scores reported more sleep problems. The moderation effect only held in children with a diagnosis of ADHD-CT and not in the typically developing group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These findings indicate that children who experience greater severity of ADHD symptoms who also have lower motor proficiency may be at increased risk of experiencing sleep problems. These findings also illustrate the importance of considering motor proficiency when exploring risk factors for sleep problems in children with ADHD-CT as well as sleep interventions.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35303614,The effects of psychostimulants on cognitive functions in individuals with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: A systematic review.,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Cognition', 'Depression', 'Executive function', 'Memory', 'Psychostimulants']","['Andrea Mckenzie', 'Shakila Meshkat', 'Leanna M W Lui', 'Roger Ho', 'Joshua D Di Vincenzo', 'Felicia Ceban', 'Bing Cao', 'Roger S McIntyre']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with a broad range of deficits in cognitive functions which has significant implications for quality of life. Psychostimulants are demonstrated to improve symptoms of inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity, however, their impact on cognition remains incompletely characterized. Herein, the aim of this systematic review is to synthesize the extant literature reporting on the effects of psychostimulants on cognitive function in individuals with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A systematic search of PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science from inception to July 2021 was conducted. Additional studies were identified through Google Scholar and a manual search of the reference lists of relevant articles. Inclusion criteria were original studies that evaluated the cognitive function of individuals with ADHD taking psychostimulants drugs. We assessed the quality of the included papers using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale (NOS).', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('A total of 10 studies involving 753 subjects with ADHD and 194 healthy controls were identified and eligible for inclusion. Nine studies evaluated the impact of methylphenidate on cognitive function and one study investigated the use of lisdexamfetamine. Results indicated that attentional deficits such as memory, vigilance, divided attention, phasic and tonic alertness, and focused attention were improved in ADHD patients treated with psychostimulants. The efficacy of psychostimulants in improving other domains of cognition remains inconclusive due to conflicting evidence or insignificant findings (ie. academic performance and executive function). Overall, results indicate that psychostimulants may improve only select domains of cognition (ie. memory and attention).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Psychostimulants are reported to improve several disparate aspects of cognition among individuals with ADHD. Further research is needed to better understand the complex relationships between cognition and behavior in ADHD, as well as the impact of medication on these distinct aspects of functioning. Further research is also needed to determine whether the pro-cognitive effect of stimulants would be transferable to other mental disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34999998,Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder among children related to maternal job stress during pregnancy in Taiwan: a prospective cohort study.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Birth cohort', 'Children health', 'Job stress', 'Maternal exposure']","['Ping Shih', 'Ching-Chun Huang', 'Tung-Liang Chiang', 'Pau-Chung Chen', 'Yue Leon Guo']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most common neurobehavioral disorders. Although studies have suggested relationships between ADHD in children and maternal psychosocial stress during pregnancy, little is known about the effects of work-related mental stress. Considering the increasing number of pregnant women who continue to work during the gestation period, this study investigated whether work-related stress during pregnancy is related to offspring ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""The Taiwan Birth Cohort Study followed selected representative mother-infant pairs in a face-to-face interview since a child was 6 months old. A total of 10,556 working pregnant women who completed follow-up 8\xa0years later were included. Whether the 8-year-old child had ever received a diagnosis of ADHD were inquired. Self-reported job stress during pregnant period was obtained 6\xa0months after delivery. Factors including perinatal and socioeconomic factors as well as the mother's job conditions were further analyzed with logistic regression."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Among those who continued working during pregnancy, 3850 (36.5%) mothers reported having job stress during pregnancy, and 210 (2.0%) of the children were diagnosed as having ADHD before 8\xa0years of age. Compared with mothers who reported no job stress, the adjusted odds ratio of child ADHD was 1.91 (95% CI 1.21-3.07) for mothers with ""very stressful"" jobs during pregnancy and 1.53 (95% CI 1.04-2.25) for mothers with ""rather stressful"" jobs.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Among pregnant female workers, higher levels of job stress were related to the higher occurrence of ADHD in their children.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"30513231,Pharmacotherapeutic strategies for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity (ADHD) disorder with comorbid substance-use disorder (SUD).,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'non stimulant drugs', 'simulant drugs', 'substance use disorders']","['Giulio Perugi', 'Alessandro Pallucchini', 'Salvatore Rizzato', 'Pietro De Rossi', 'Gabriele Sani', 'Angelo Gi Maremmani', 'Vito Pinzone', 'Icro Maremmani']","[StringElement('Substance use disorder (SUD) is very common amongst patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The two disorders share partially overlapping features and SUD in ADHD is characterized by an early age of onset, high likelihood of poly-substance use, increased risk of suicide attempts, more hospitalizations, and scarce treatment adherence.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('This paper reviews randomized active comparator-controlled or placebo-controlled trials evaluating the use of pharmacotherapy in patients with ADHD and SUD. The authors include open label and observational studies.', attributes={'Label': 'AREAS COVERED'}), StringElement('Stimulant and non-stimulant treatments should be used to aid ADHD symptomatology in patients with SUD. SUD seems to be less responsive, suggesting a relative independence of the two conditions. For this reason, the association of ADHD-specific drugs and SUD-treatments should be recommended in a large proportion of patients suffering from both disorders. The rate and the quality of ADHD response to specific pharmacological treatments is highly variable, depending on the dose and the duration of the treatment, the age of the patient, and the severity and the chronicity of addiction. Further research is necessary to explore the divergences in treatment response of different ADHD subtypes in different subtypes of SUD.', attributes={'Label': 'EXPERT OPINION'})]"36123874,Using the alluvial plot to visualize the network characteristics of 100 top-cited articles on attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) since 2011: Bibliometric analysis.,[],"['Ya-Ching Tsai', 'Tsair-Wei Chien', 'Jian-Wei Wu', 'Chien-Ho Lin']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common neuro developmental disorder that affects children and adolescents. It is estimated that the prevalence of ADHD is 7.2% throughout the world. There have been a number of articles published in the literature related to ADHD. However, it remains unclear which countries, journals, subject categories, and articles have the greatest influence. The purpose of this study was to display influential entities in 100 top-cited ADHD-related articles (T100ADHD) on an alluvial plot and apply alluvial to better understand the network characteristics of T100ADHD across entities.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Using the PubMed and Web of Science (WoS) databases, T100ADHD data since 2011 were downloaded. The dominant entities were compared using alluvial plots based on citation analysis. Based on medical subject headings (MeSH terms) and research areas extracted from PubMed and WoS, social network analysis (SNA) was performed to classify subject categories. To examine the difference in article citations among subject categories and the predictive power of MeSH terms on article citations in T100ADHD, one-way analysis of variance and regression analysis were used.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""The top 3 countries (the United States, the United Kingdom, and the Netherlands) accounted for 75% of T100ADHD. The most citations per article were earned by Brazil (=415.33). The overall impact factor (IF\u2005=\u2005citations per 100) of the T100ADHD series is 188.24. The most cited article was written by Polanczyk et al from Brazil, with 772 citations since 2014. The majority of the articles were published and cited in Biol Psychiatry (13%; IF\u2005=\u2005174.15). The SNA was used to categorize 6 subject areas. On the alluvial plots, T100ADHD's network characteristics were successfully displayed. There was no difference in article citations among subject categories (F\u2005=\u20051.19, P\u2005=\u2005.320). The most frequently occurring MeSH terms were physiopathology, diagnosis, and epidemiology. A significant correlation was observed between MeSH terms and the number of article citations (F\u2005=\u200525.36; P\u2005<\u2005.001)."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Drawing the alluvial plot to display network characteristics in T100ADHD was a breakthrough. Article subject categories can be classified using MeSH terms to predict T100ADHD citations. Bibliometric analyses of 100 top-cited articles can be conducted in the future.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32078512,Effectiveness of a Tailored Intervention for Women With Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and ADHD Symptoms: A Randomized Controlled Study.,[],"['Sharon A Gutman', 'Sheetala Balasubramanian', 'Maya Herzog', 'Elizabeth Kim', 'Hannah Swirnow', 'Yudis Retig', 'Samantha Wolff']","[StringElement('Women with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and ADHD symptoms may experience difficulty carrying out desired life roles and activities.', attributes={'Label': 'IMPORTANCE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('To determine whether a 7-wk tailored occupation-based intervention can reduce perceived stress and ADHD symptoms and enhance perceived performance of and satisfaction with daily roles and activities among women with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Randomization to intervention (n = 11) and control (n = 12) groups.', attributes={'Label': 'DESIGN', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Home and community.', attributes={'Label': 'SETTING', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Twenty-three participants ages 20-55 yr, English speaking, and with a self-reported diagnosis of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'PARTICIPANTS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The intervention was administered for 7 wk in individual 1-hr sessions and addressed routine establishment, organization, time management, stress management, and sensory regulation in the home and community.', attributes={'Label': 'INTERVENTION', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Adult Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Self-Report Scale, Perceived Stress Scale, and Canadian Occupational Performance Measure.', attributes={'Label': 'OUTCOMES AND MEASURES', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('At 1-wk postintervention, statistically significant differences were found between intervention and control groups in perceived stress (Z = -3.838, p < .000, d = -2.66), ADHD symptoms (Z = -3.605, p < .000, d = -2.17), and COPM Performance (Z = -4.074, p < .000, d = 3.04) and Satisfaction change scores (Z = -3.759, p < .000, d = 2.82).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('A 7-wk tailored intervention reduced perceived stress and ADHD symptoms and enhanced perceived performance of and satisfaction with desired occupational roles and activities in a sample of women with ADHD. Further research is warranted to determine whether the intervention can be useful to women with ADHD beyond the present sample.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION AND RELEVANCE', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('This intervention may offer an effective nonpharmacological option for women with ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'WHAT THIS ARTICLE ADDS', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'})]"35697395,Pharmacotherapy of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Individuals with Autism Spectrum Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'ASD', 'Comorbidity', 'Treatment']","['Gagan Joshi', 'Timothy E Wilens']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most frequent comorbid disorder that is observed at a higher rate and with greater morbidity in higher intellectually functioning populations with autism. Up to 85% of the populations with autism and 15% of individuals with ADHD suffer from a reciprocal comorbidity that is highly under-recognized in intellectually capable populations. Limited empirical evidence is available on the response of anti-ADHD agents in autism populations with ADHD. In autism spectrum disorder (ASD) populations, response to methylphenidate for the treatment of hyperactivity is worse than typically expected in the presence of the intellectual disability. The anti-ADHD response to atomoxetine in autism populations is worse than typically expected although tolerability is similar to that observed in the typicals. The hyperactivity response to guanfacine treatment in predominantly intellectually impaired populations with ASD is as robust as observed in the typicals although tolerability was worse than typically expected. Further trials are warranted to document the extent of atypical anti-ADHD response in intellectually capable populations with autism.']"26762193,Disturbed sleep in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is not a question of psychiatric comorbidity or ADHD presentation.,"['multiple sleep latency test', 'polysomnography']","['Anne Virring', 'Rikke Lambek', 'Per H Thomsen', 'Lene R Møller', 'Poul J Jennum']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a heterogeneous psychiatric disorder with three different presentations and high levels of psychiatric comorbidity. Serious sleep complaints are also common, but the role of the presentations and comorbidity in sleep is under-investigated in ADHD. Consequently, the goal of the study was to investigate sleep problems in medicine-naive school-aged children (mean age\xa0=\xa09.6\xa0years) with ADHD compared to controls using objective methods and to examine the role of comorbidity and presentations. Ambulatory polysomnography results suggested that children with ADHD (n\xa0=\xa076) had significantly more sleep disturbances than controls (n\xa0=\xa025), including a larger percentage of rapid eye movement (REM) sleep and more sleep cycles, as well as lower mean sleep efficiency, mean non-REM (NREM) sleep stage 1 and mean NREM sleep stage 3. No significant between-group differences were found on the multiple sleep latency test. Stratifying for comorbidity in the ADHD group did not reveal major differences between groups, but mean sleep latency was significantly longer in children with ADHD and no comorbidity compared to controls (36.1\xa0min; SD\xa0=\xa030.1 versus 22.6\xa0min; SD\xa0=\xa015.2). No differences were found between ADHD presentations. Our results support the presence of night-time sleep disturbances in children with ADHD. Poor sleep does not appear to be attributable to comorbidity alone, nor do sleep disturbances differ within ADHD presentations.']"34573389,Common and Unique Genetic Background between Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Excessive Body Weight.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'case-control association study', 'excessive body weight', 'whole exome sequencing']","['Monika Dmitrzak-Weglarz', 'Elzbieta Paszynska', 'Karolina Bilska', 'Paula Szczesniewska', 'Ewa Bryl', 'Joanna Duda', 'Agata Dutkiewicz', 'Marta Tyszkiewicz-Nwafor', 'Piotr Czerski', 'Tomasz Hanc', 'Agnieszka Slopien']","['Comorbidity studies show that children with ADHD have a higher risk of being overweight and obese than healthy children. This study aimed to assess the genetic alternations that differ between and are shared by ADHD and excessive body weight (EBW). The sample consisted of 743 Polish children aged between 6 and 17 years. We analyzed a unique set of genes and polymorphisms selected for ADHD and/or obesity based on gene prioritization tools. Polymorphisms in the <i>KCNIP1, SLC1A3, MTHFR, ADRA2A</i>, and <i>SLC6A2</i> genes proved to be associated with the risk of ADHD in the studied population. The <i>COMT</i> gene polymorphism was one that specifically increased the risk of EBW in the ADHD group. Using the whole-exome sequencing technique, we have shown that the ADHD group contains rare and protein-truncating variants in the <i>FBXL17, DBH, MTHFR, PCDH7, RSPH3, SPTBN1</i>, and <i>TNRC6C</i> genes. In turn, variants in the <i>ADRA2A, DYNC1H1, MAP1A, SEMA6D</i>, and <i>ZNF536</i> genes were specific for ADHD with EBW. In this way, we confirmed, at the molecular level, the existence of genes specifically predisposing to EBW in ADHD patients, which are associated with the biological pathways involved in the regulation of the reward system, intestinal microbiome, and muscle metabolism.']"34413283,Cortisol and inflammatory biomarker levels in youths with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): evidence from a systematic review with meta-analysis.,[],"['Jane Pei-Chen Chang', 'Kuan-Pin Su', 'Valeria Mondelli', 'Carmine M Pariante']","['Several studies reported abnormal cortisol and inflammatory biomarker levels in youths with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but the results have not been conclusive. We conducted a systematic review followed by a meta-analysis of case-control studies assessing blood or saliva cortisol levels and blood levels of inflammatory biomarkers in youth with ADHD. The effect sizes (ES) were synthesized by using a random-effects model. In the 19 studies on cortisol levels (totaling n\u2009=\u2009916 youth with ADHD and n\u2009=\u2009947 typically developing (TD), healthy youth), youth with ADHD have lower basal cortisol levels at any time-points during the day (effect size: .68; p\u2009=\u20090.004) and lower cumulative levels of cortisol (ES: .39, p\u2009=\u2009.008) throughout the day than TD youth. Moreover, morning cortisol levels were lower in ADHD youth when compared with TD youth (14 studies, n\u2009=\u20091679, ES: .84, p\u2009=\u20090.003), while there is no difference for the afternoon cortisol levels (p\u2009=\u20090.48). The meta-analysis on inflammation biomarker was conducted on 4 studies (totaling n\u2009=\u2009404 youth) showed that Tumour Necrosis Factor-alpha (TNF-α) was lower in ADHD when compared with TD (3 studies, n\u2009=\u2009257 youth, p\u2009=\u20090.004), while no differences for Interleukin-1β(IL-1β) (p\u2009=\u20090.21), IL-6 (p\u2009=\u20090.09) and IL-10 (p\u2009=\u20090.77). The lower cortisol in the context of low TNF-α levels may indicate a specific pattern of biomarkers in ADHD, and further investigation is warranted.']"34154443,Risk Factors for Disability Pension among Young Adults Diagnosed with Attention-deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in Adulthood.,"['ADHD', 'disability pension', 'register data', 'young adults']","['Lingjing Chen', 'Ellenor Mittendorfer-Rutz', 'Emma Björkenstam', 'Syed Rahman', 'Klas Gustafsson', 'Heidi Taipale', 'Antti Tanskanen', 'Lisa Ekselius', 'Magnus Helgesson']","[StringElement('To investigate risk factors of disability pension (DP) in young adults diagnosed with ADHD in Sweden.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('In total, 9718 individuals diagnosed with incident ADHD in young adult age (19-29\u2009years) 2006 to 2011, were identified through national registers. They were followed for 5\u2009years and Cox regression models were applied to analyze the DP risk (overall and by sex), associated with socio-demographics, work-related factors, and comorbid disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Twenty-one percent of all received DP. Being younger at diagnosis (hazard ratio [HR]\u2009=\u20091.54; 95%confidence interval [CI] 1.39-1.71); low educational level (HR\u2009=\u20091.97; 95%CI 1.60-2.43 for <10\u2009years); work-related factors at baseline (no income from work [HR\u2009=\u20092.64; 95%CI 2.35-2.98] and sickness absence >90\u2009days [HR\u2009=\u20092.48; 95%CI2.17-2.83]); and schizophrenia/psychoses (HR\u2009=\u20092.16; 95%CI 1.66-2.80), autism (HR\u2009=\u20091.87; 95%CI 1.42-2.46), anxiety (HR\u2009=\u20091.34; 95%CI 1.22-1.49) were significantly associated with an increased risk of DP. Similar risk patterns were found in men and women.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Work-related factors and comorbid mental disorders need to be highlighted in early vocational rehabilitation for individuals with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34503832,Moderators of the association between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and exposure to anaesthesia and surgery in children.,"['age', 'anaesthesia', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'children', 'moderator', 'paediatric anaesthesia', 'race']","['Yu Shi', 'Hayley J Dykhoff', 'Lindsay R H Guevara', 'Lindsey R Sangaralingham', 'Darrell R Schroeder', 'Randall P Flick', 'Michael J Zaccariello', 'David O Warner']","[StringElement(""Children's exposure to anaesthesia has been associated with risk of developing attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The goal of this study was to determine if selected patient characteristics moderate the association between exposure to anaesthesia and ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('In a cohort of children born in between 2006 and 2012, exposure to anaesthesia before the age of 5 yr was categorised into unexposed, singly, or multiply exposed. Weighted proportional hazard regression was performed to evaluate the hazard ratios (HRs) of ADHD diagnosis related to anaesthesia exposure. Interaction analyses were performed to evaluate potential moderators.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Among 185 002 children in the cohort, 9179 were diagnosed with ADHD. Compared with unexposed children, a single exposure to anaesthesia was associated with a HR of 1.39, (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.32-1.47) for ADHD. Multiple exposures were associated with a HR of 1.75 (95% CI, 1.62-1.87). In the analyses evaluating moderators of the association between exposure and ADHD, only the interaction for race was statistically significant (P=0.006); exposure increased the incidence of ADHD to a greater extent in non-White compared with White children. Among children with a single exposure, the age at exposure did not affect the relationship between exposure and incidence of ADHD (P=0.78).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Exposure of young children to anaesthesia and surgery is associated with an increased incidence of ADHD, with more exposures associated with greater risk. Compared with White children, non-White children are at greater risk for reasons that are unknown but need to be further explored.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31429702,Brain arousal regulation and depressive symptomatology in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Absolute EEG power', 'Arousal stability score', 'Brain arousal regulation', 'Depression']","['Jue Huang', 'Christine Ulke', 'Maria Strauss']","[StringElement('The aim of the present study was to evaluate the stability of brain arousal in adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) outpatients with and without depressive symptomatology, and its association with depressive symptom severity and absolute electroencephalogram (EEG) power in different frequency bands.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We included 31 outpatient adults (45.16% females), who were diagnosed according to DSM-IV and received no medication. Their arousal stability score (index of the steepness of arousal decline during a 15-min EEG under resting conditions), the absolute EEG power and self-reports, including depressive and ADHD-related symptoms, were analyzed. Participants were split into an unstable and stable arousal group based on the median (=\u20096) of the arousal stability score.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD patients in the stable group reported more severe depressive symptoms (p\u2009=\u20090.018) and showed reduced absolute EEG power in the delta (0.002\u2009≤\u2009p\u2009≤\u20090.025) and theta (0.011\u2009≤\u2009p\u2009≤\u20090.034) bands compared to those in the unstable group. There was no correlation between the arousal stability score and self-report-scales concerning ADHD-related symptoms (0.214\u2009≤\u2009p\u2009≤\u20090.989), but a positive association with self-reported depressive severity (p\u2009=\u20090.018) and negative association with powers in the EEG delta and theta bands (0.001\u2009≤\u2009p\u2009≤\u20090.033).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In view of high comorbidity of depression and ADHD in adult patients, these findings support the assumption that brain arousal regulation could be considered as a helpful marker for the clinical differentiation between ADHD and depression.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29243550,Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder is associated with reduced levels of serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in adolescents. Data from the population-based German KiGGS study.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'cholesterol', 'lipid profile', 'low-density lipoprotein', 'triglycerides']","['Raquel Pinho', 'Biyao Wang', 'Andreas Becker', 'Aribert Rothenberger', 'Tiago F Outeiro', 'Christoph Herrmann-Lingen', 'Thomas Meyer']","['<b>Objectives:</b> Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a multifactorial, complex and the most common neurodevelopmental disorder in childhood. In this analysis, we tested the hypothesis that altered serum lipid patterns are associated with ADHD. <b>Methods:</b> Using data from the nationwide, population-based German Health Interview and Examination Survey for Children and Adolescents (KiGGS), we compared serum levels of total cholesterol, high-density (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and also triglycerides, in participants with physician-diagnosed and/or suspected ADHD, as defined by a value of ≥7 on the hyperactivity-inattention subscale of the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ), with non-ADHD controls. <b>Results:</b> Among 6,898 participants aged between 11 and 17 years, 666 (9.7%) had a physician-based diagnosis of ADHD and/or suspected ADHD. We found correlations between the parent-rated SDQ scores on the hyperactivity-inattention subscale and concentrations of triglycerides (<i>r</i>\u2009=\u20090.064, <i>p</i>\u2009<\u2009.001), total cholesterol (<i>r</i>\u2009=\u2009-0.026, <i>p</i>\u2009=\u2009.033), HDL cholesterol (<i>r</i>\u2009=\u2009-0.059, <i>p</i>\u2009<\u2009.001) and LDL cholesterol (<i>r</i>\u2009=\u2009-0.027, <i>p</i>\u2009=\u2009.031). In multivariate models, low serum levels of LDL cholesterol remained a significant predictor of ADHD (Exp(β)\u2009=\u20090.382, 95% confidence interval\u2009=\u20090.165-0.888, <i>p</i>\u2009=\u2009.025). <b>Conclusions:</b> Our findings in a large, nationwide and representative sample of German adolescents demonstrated a small, but significant and inverse link between LDL cholesterol levels and symptoms of ADHD. Further studies are required to decipher the biochemical mechanisms behind this relationship.']"24259638,"A review of the pathophysiology, etiology, and treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).","['ADHD', 'amphetamine', 'atomoxetine', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'bupropion', 'clonidine', 'dopamine', 'etiology', 'guanfacine', 'methylphenidate', 'norepinephrine', 'pathophysiology', 'prefrontal cortex', 'treatment', 'treatment guidelines', 'tricyclic antidepressants']","['Alok Sharma', 'Justin Couture']","[StringElement('To review the pathophysiology, etiology, and treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A literature search was conducted in PubMed and EMBASE using the terms attention deficit hyperactive disorder, ADHD, pathophysiology, etiology, and neurobiology. Limits applied were the following: published in the past 10 years (January 2003 to August 2013), humans, review, meta-analysis, and English language. These yielded 63 articles in PubMed and 74 in EMBASE. After removing duplicate/irrelevant articles, 86 articles and their relevant reference citations were reviewed.', attributes={'Label': 'DATA SOURCES AND DATA EXTRACTION', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD is a neurological disorder that affects children, but symptoms may persist into adulthood. Individuals suffering from this disorder exhibit hyperactivity, inattention, impulsivity, and problems in social interaction and academic performance. Medications used to treat ADHD such as methylphenidate, amphetamine, and atomoxetine indicate a dopamine/norepinephrine deficit as the neurochemical basis of ADHD, but the etiology is more complex. Moreover, these agents have poor adverse effect profiles and a multitude of drug interactions. Because these drugs are also dispensed to adults who may have concomitant conditions or medications, a pharmacist needs to be aware of these adverse events and drug interactions. This review, therefore, focuses on the pathophysiology, etiology, and treatment of ADHD and details the adverse effects and drug interaction profiles of the drugs used to treat it.', attributes={'Label': 'DATA SYNTHESIS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Published research shows the benefit of drug therapy for ADHD in children, but given the poor adverse effect and drug interaction profiles, these must be dispensed with caution.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31312974,Maternal serum C-reactive protein (CRP) and offspring attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'CRP', 'Epidemiology', 'Nationwide cohort', 'Prenatal inflammation']","['Roshan Chudal', 'Alan S Brown', 'David Gyllenberg', 'Susanna Hinkka-Yli-Salomäki', 'Minna Sucksdorff', 'Heljä-Marja Surcel', 'Subina Upadhyaya', 'Andre Sourander']","['Exposure to infection and inflammation during the fetal period are associated with offspring neuropsychiatric disorders. Few previous studies have examined this association with ADHD with mixed findings. This study aims to examine the association between early gestational maternal C-reactive protein (CRP), prospectively assayed in stored maternal sera and the risk of ADHD in offspring. This study is based on the Finnish Prenatal studies of ADHD (FIPS-ADHD) with a nested case-control design. It includes all singleton-born children in Finland between January 1, 1998 and December 31, 1999 and diagnosed with ADHD. A total of 1079 cases and equal number of controls were matched on date of birth, sex and place of birth. Maternal CRP levels were assessed using a latex immunoassay from archived maternal serum specimens, collected during the first and early second trimester of pregnancy. Elevated maternal CRP when analyzed as a continuous variable was not associated with offspring ADHD (OR 1.05, 95% CI 0.96-1.15). No significant associations were seen in the highest quintile of CRP (OR 1.18, 95% CI 0.88-1.58). The results were similar in both sexes as well as among ADHD cases with or without comorbid ASD or conduct disorder. In this first study examining CRP, a biomarker for inflammation, during early pregnancy in relation to offspring ADHD, we report no significant associations. The lack of any association, when considered with positive findings seen in ASD and schizophrenia, and negative findings in bipolar disorder suggests different pathways linking maternal immune activation and development of various neuropsychiatric disorders.']"35921102,Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation vs Sham for the Treatment of Inattention in Adults With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: The TUNED Randomized Clinical Trial.,[],"['Douglas Teixeira Leffa', 'Eugenio Horacio Grevet', 'Claiton Henrique Dotto Bau', 'Maitê Schneider', 'Carolina Prietto Ferrazza', 'Roberta Francieli da Silva', 'Marina Silva Miranda', 'Felipe Picon', 'Stefania Pigatto Teche', 'Paulo Sanches', 'Danton Pereira', 'Katya Rubia', 'André Russowsky Brunoni', 'Joan A Camprodon', 'Wolnei Caumo', 'Luis Augusto Rohde']","[StringElement('Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may improve symptoms of inattention in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, previous trials are characterized by small sample sizes, heterogeneous methodologies, and short treatment periods using clinic-based tDCS.', attributes={'Label': 'Importance'}), StringElement('To determine the efficacy and safety of home-based tDCS in treating inattention symptoms in adult patients with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'Objective'}), StringElement('Randomized, double-blind, parallel, sham-controlled clinical trial (tDCS for the Treatment of Inattention Symptoms in Adult Patients With ADHD [TUNED]), conducted from July 2019 through July 2021 in a single-center outpatient academic setting. Of 277 potential participants screened by phone, 150 were assessed for eligibility on site, and 64 were included. Participants were adults with ADHD, inattentive or combined subtype. Exclusion criteria included current stimulant drug treatment, current moderate to severe symptoms of depression or anxiety, diagnosis of bipolar disorder with a manic or depressive episode in the last year, diagnosis of schizophrenia or another psychotic disorder, and diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder; 55 of participants completed follow-up after 4 weeks.', attributes={'Label': 'Design, Setting, and Participants'}), StringElement('Thirty-minute daily sessions of home-based tDCS for 4 weeks, 2 mA anodal-right and cathodal-left prefrontal stimulation with 35-cm2 carbon electrodes.', attributes={'Label': 'Interventions'}), StringElement('Inattentive scores in the clinician-administered version of the Adult ADHD Self-report Scale version 1.1 (CASRS-I).', attributes={'Label': 'Main Outcomes and Measures'}), StringElement('Included in this trial were 64 participants with ADHD (31 [48%] inattentive presentation and 33 [52%] combined presentation), with a mean (SD) age of 38.3 (9.6) years. Thirty participants (47%) were women and 34 (53%) were men. Fifty-five finished the trial. At week 4, the mean (SD) inattention score, as measured with CASRS-I, was 18.88 (5.79) in the active tDCS group and 23.63 (3.97) in the sham tDCS group. Linear mixed-effects models revealed a statistically significant treatment by time interaction for CASRS-I (βinteraction\u2009=\u2009-3.18; 95% CI, -4.60 to -1.75; P\u2009<\u2009.001), showing decreased symptoms of inattention in the active tDCS group over the 3 assessments compared to the sham tDCS group. Mild adverse events were more frequent in the active tDCS group, particularly skin redness, headache, and scalp burn.', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('In this randomized clinical trial, daily treatment with a home-based tDCS device over 4 weeks improved attention in adult patients with ADHD who were not taking stimulant medication. Home-based tDCS could be a nonpharmacological alternative for patients with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions and Relevance'}), StringElement('ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04003740.', attributes={'Label': 'Trial Registration'})]"32614247,Epidemiology of Treatment for Preschoolers on Kentucky Medicaid Diagnosed with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['alpha-2 agonists', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'preschool-age', 'stimulants']","['Deborah Winders Davis', 'Yana Feygin', 'Liza Creel', 'Maiying Kong', 'Kahir Jawad', 'JingChao Sun', 'Nathan J Blum', 'W David Lohr', 'P Gail Williams', 'Jennifer Le', 'V Faye Jones', 'Natalie Pasquenza']","[""<b><i>Objectives:</i></b> The National Survey of Children's Health reported a concerning increase in children 2-5 years being diagnosed with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in 2016. Concerns include both the increase in diagnosing and potential deviations from published guidelines for the treatment of ADHD in preschoolers. The present study aims to describe the epidemiology and factors associated with receiving the diagnosis and treatment types for low-income preschoolers. <b><i>Methods:</i></b> Using Kentucky Medicaid claims from 2012 to 2017, a retrospective cohort study of children 2-5 years of age (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u2009337,631) with a diagnosis of ADHD (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u200911,712) was completed. Trends in demographics, comorbidities, and treatment and provider types are presented. Multinomial logistic regression was used to determine predictors of receipt of the diagnosis and treatment type (a stimulant only, an alpha-2 agonist [A2A] only, both, or neither) based on nonmissing 2017 data (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u20092394). <b><i>Results:</i></b> The number of children in the cohort diagnosed with ADHD and receiving a stimulant decreased from 2012 to 2017, but the use of A2As increased. Primary care physicians were the most frequent prescribers of both medications. The adjusted odds ratios (AORs) of receipt of an A2A alone, stimulant alone, or both medications over receiving no ADHD medication were associated with specific demographics and comorbid conditions for each medication regimen. Race/ethnicity is associated with receiving the diagnosis of ADHD and treatment with A2A. Comorbid mental health conditions and provider type are associated with treatment type. <b><i>Conclusion:</i></b> Use of stimulants for preschoolers in Kentucky has decreased and A2A use has increased since 2012. Continued vigilance and long-term follow-up of preschoolers with ADHD are warranted. The appropriateness of the diagnosis and treatment type could not be determined.""]"34856044,Development and field testing of a decision aid to facilitate shared decision making for adults newly diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'decision aid', 'pre-post test', 'shared decision making', 'treatment decision making']","['Yumi Aoki', 'Takashi Tsuboi', 'Yoshikazu Takaesu', 'Koichiro Watanabe', 'Kazuhiro Nakayama', 'Yasuhito Kinoshita', 'Mami Kayama']","[StringElement('The number of individuals who are diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) during adulthood has increased in recent years. However, there is still no decision aid (DA) to help adults newly diagnosed with ADHD make decisions regarding further treatments.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This study aimed to describe the development process of a DA for adults newly diagnosed with ADHD and its field testing during the shared decision-making (SDM) process in a clinical setting.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""The development process involved the creation of a DA prototype using the International Patient Decision Aid Standards criteria and revision of the prototype through the stakeholders' reviews. The field testing of the DA compared scores before and after the SDM process on the service users' knowledge scale, decisional conflict scale and the Conners Adult ADHD Rating Scales."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The developed DA contained options of watchful waiting with own coping skills and pharmacological treatment, which consisted of several kinds of drug options. Fifteen adults newly diagnosed with ADHD participated in the field testing. The participant decision-making quality outcomes such as their knowledge and decisional conflict improved after the SDM process. ADHD severity did not change.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('A DA for adults with ADHD was systematically developed following the international criteria. Field testing indicated that the DA could serve as a tool to facilitate the SDM process. Further research on this DA is necessary before its routine implementation.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'}), StringElement('During the development process of the DA, the service users who had already been diagnosed with ADHD reviewed the DA prototype and provided feedback, which improved the final version of the DA.', attributes={'Label': 'PATIENT OR PUBLIC CONTRIBUTION'})]"35606864,The effect of Rosa canina L. and a polyherbal formulation syrup in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a study protocol for a multicenter randomized controlled trial.,"['ADHD', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Complementary and alternative medicines', 'Herbal medicine']","['Haide Golsorkhi', 'Mostafa Qorbani', 'Mohammad Kamalinejad', 'Saeideh Sabbaghzadegan', 'Mohsen Bahrami', 'Mohammad Vafaee-Shahi', 'Hadi Montazerlotfelahi', 'Elham Abniki', 'Majid Dadmehr']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most common behavioral disorder in childhood and adolescence. A number of these patients do not respond to the current pharmacological treatments and there may also be drug side effects. This study aims to determine the efficacy and safety of two herbal medicine products, including Rosa canina L. (RC) and a polyherbal formulation (PHF) syrup, on the clinical manifestations of ADHD in children and adolescents.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""Ninety ADHD patients based on DSM-5 diagnostic criteria will be randomly assigned equally into three groups: (1) RC syrup + methylphenidate (MP), (2) PHF syrup + MP, and (3) placebo + MP according to the inclusion criteria (30 subjects in each group). The syrup dosage is 5cc every 8 h, and MP will have a stabilized dose for 8 weeks during the study. Moreover, Conner<sup>'</sup>s questionnaires will be completed by the teacher and parents before the intervention and then every 4 weeks. Also, the Child Symptom Inventory-fourth edition (CSI-4) and temperament questionnaires will be completed before the intervention and every 4 weeks until 2 months."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('This trial is the first experiment to determine the effects of RC and PHF syrups on the clinical manifestations of ADHD in children and adolescents. Our findings provide new insight into the effect of these herbal products on the clinical manifestations of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials IRCT20190923044855N1 . Registered on 14 January 2020. The trial was registered at https://www.irct.ir/ .', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"29490380,"[Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adult psychiatry: Data on 12-month prevalence, risk factors and comorbidity].",[],"['Matthias Miesch', 'Arno Deister']","[StringElement('To examine the 12-month prevalence, risk factors, and comorbidity of ADHD in a collective of adult psychiatric patients admitted to an open general ward in a psychiatric hospital in Schleswig-Holstein (Germany) over a period of one year (n\u200a=\u200a166).', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS AND METHODS'}), StringElement('The 12-month prevalence of ADHD was 59.0\u200a% (severe symptomatology: 33.1\u200a%), high rates of comorbid disorders (92.9\u200a% depression, 5.1\u200a% bipolar disorder, 28.6\u200a% anxiety disorder, 30.6\u200a% emotional unstable (Borderline) personality disorder, 31.6\u200a% avoidant personality disorder, 18.4\u200a% dependent personality disorder, 25.5\u200a% combined personality disorder, 10.2\u200a% obsessive-compulsive personality disorder, 26.5\u200a% PTSD, 25.5\u200a% restless legs syndrome, 24.5\u200a% adiposity, 11.2\u200a% eating disorder, 45.9\u200a% learning difficulty, 51.0\u200a% nicotine dependency, 4.1\u200a% alcohol dependency, 7.1\u200a% illegal substance dependency), risk factors for ADHD, a high genetic risk (72.4\u200a%) and problems in psychosocial functioning.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Because of the high prevalence of ADHD in hospitalized psychiatric patients, it is mandatory to examine these for the presence of ADHD using questionnaires and identify comorbid diseases.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34301518,Development and effectiveness of parent skills training intervention for Indian families having children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Effectiveness', 'Parent skills training']","['Ruchita Shah', 'Akhilesh Sharma', 'Sandeep Grover', 'Diksha Sachdeva', 'Subho Chakrabarti', 'Ajit Avasthi']","[StringElement('Parent skills training interventions (PSTIs) are considered first-line treatment for ADHD. We describe development and effectiveness of a culturally-contextualised PSTI for Indian families.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Forty-one families divided into 5 groups, each group with 6-10 families received group PSTI comprising of 10 weekly sessions using multi-point videoconferencing as an adjunct to routine care in the non-randomized pre-post intervention study.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Thirty-six families attended more than 3 sessions. RM ANOVA revealed significant improvements in parent-rated measures of inattention (p < 0.001), hyperactivity/ impulsivity (p = 0.007), conduct problems (p = 0.002), academic performance (p = 0.001) and classroom behavior (p = 0.001). Mixed ANOVA analysis did not reveal significant differences between those who received PSTI with medication and those who received PSTI on any VADPRS domains except depression/ anxiety scores, wherein former group performed better (p = 0.008). More than 60 % parents perceived that PSTI was helpful in increasing awareness, reducing guilt/ blame, improving parent-child relation and decreasing stress. Difficulty in sustaining with the strategies was reported by 50 % of parents.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Findings suggest that PSTI is effective and helpful for Indian families dealing with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33766675,Overlapping sleep disturbances in persistent tic disorders and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis of polysomnographic findings.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Meta-analysis', 'Objective sleep measures', 'Persistent tic disorders', 'Polysomnography', 'Sleep', 'Systematic review', 'Tourette syndrome']","['Lisa Keenan', 'Clara Sherlock', 'Jessica Bramham', 'Michelle Downes']","[StringElement('Persistent tic disorders (PTDs) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are common neurodevelopmental conditions which tend to co-occur. Both diagnoses are associated with sleep problems. This systematic review and meta-analysis investigates overlaps and distinctions in objective sleep parameters based on diagnosis (PTD-only, PTD + ADHD, and ADHD-only).', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('Databases were searched to identify studies with objective sleep measures in each population. Meta-analyses were conducted using a random effects model.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Polysomnography was the only measure included in all three groups. Twenty studies met final inclusion criteria, combining PTD-only (N = 108), PTD + ADHD (N = 79), and ADHD-only (N = 316). Compared to controls (N = 336), PTD-only and PTD + ADHD groups had significantly lower sleep efficiency and higher sleep onset latency. PTD + ADHD also had significantly increased time in bed and total sleep time. No significant differences were observed between ADHD-only groups and controls.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Different sleep profiles appear to characterise each population. PTD + ADHD was associated with more pronounced differences. Further research is required to elucidate disorder-specific sleep problems, ensuring appropriate identification and monitoring of sleep in clinical settings.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION'})]"35326053,Association between ocular trauma and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in adult patients.,"['ADHD', 'Wender-Utah Rating Scale', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'ocular trauma', 'trauma']","['Ali Keles', 'Cagri Ilhan', 'Ali Karayagmurlu', 'Mehmet Citirik', 'Esat Yetkin', 'Mustafa Salih Karatepe', 'Ersin Varol']","[StringElement('To investigate the potential relationship between ocular trauma and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)-related clinical outcomes in adults.', attributes={'Label': 'Purpose', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('This prospective case-control study included 108 ocular trauma patients and 90 age-sex-matched healthy control. The ocular trauma group was separated into the subgroups home accident, outdoor activity, and work related in terms of the reasons for ocular trauma, and as ocular surface problems, blunt trauma-related, and open globe injury in terms of the clinical findings. The ADHD-related clinical outcomes were evaluated using the Wender-Utah Rating Scale (WURS). The outcomes were compared between ocular trauma and control groups, and ocular trauma subgroups.', attributes={'Label': 'Methods', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('The demographic characteristics of ocular trauma groups and controls were similar (P > 0.05, for all). In comparison to the control group, the ocular trauma group had higher total WURS score and WURS subscale scores, but not significantly (P > 0.05, for all). According to comparisons of the subgroups separated by the reasons, there was significant difference in the mean behavioral problems/impulsivity scores in favor of outdoor activities (P = 0.015). On the other hand, the mean scores for WURS subscales of the subgroups separated by the clinical findings were similar (P > 0.05, for all).', attributes={'Label': 'Results', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('WURS scores in ocular trauma patients are similar to control; however, the score in behavioral problems/impulsivity subscales is higher for ocular trauma caused by outdoor activities.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusion', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'})]"34049210,Duration of breast feeding and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in United States preschool-aged children.,"['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Breast feeding', 'Child', 'Preschool', 'United States']","['Joy Brasfield', 'Sandra M Goulding', 'Vijaya Kancherla']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by difficulties sustaining attention and controlling hyperactivity and impulsive behavior. Population-based studies concerning the association between breast-feeding duration and ADHD among preschool-aged children in the United States (U.S.) have been sparse.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To determine whether there is an association between the duration of breast feeding and ADHD in U.S. children aged 2-5 years.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""We used nationally representative data from the 2016, 2017, and 2018 National Survey of Children's Health (NSCH) to examine the association between breast-feeding duration and ADHD in U.S. preschool-aged children. Sample characteristics were compared using Rao-Scott chi-square test, and adjusted prevalence odds ratios and 95 % confidence intervals were estimated using unconditional logistic regression."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS AND PROCEDURES', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of the 20,453 children eligible for our study, 1.5 % had received a diagnosis of ADHD and 77.5 % were reported to have been fed human milk as infants. Prevalence odds of ADHD were 57 % lower among children fed human milk for 6-12 months compared to children never fed human milk after controlling for potential confounders. Among children with durations of breast feeding lasting less than 6 months or lasting 12 months or longer, prevalence odds of ADHD were not significantly lower than the comparison group, children who were never fed human milk, after controlling for potential confounders.', attributes={'Label': 'OUTCOMES AND RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We noted an inverse association between breast feeding durations of 6-12 months and parent-reported diagnosis of ADHD in preschool-aged children in the U.S. Future studies should use longitudinal designs to examine ADHD and duration of breast-feeding measures.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35334963,Household Food Insecurity Is Associated with Symptoms of Emotional Dysregulation in Children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: The MADDY Study.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'children', 'emotional dysregulation', 'food security status']","['Irene E Hatsu', 'Leanna Eiterman', 'Madeline Stern', 'Stacy Lu', 'Jeanette M Johnstone', 'Brenda M Y Leung', 'Priya Srikanth', 'Lisa Robinette', 'Gabriella Tost', 'James B Odei', 'Barbara L Gracious', 'L Eugene Arnold']","[""The association of household food insecurity with symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and emotional dysregulation in children was examined in this study. We utilized baseline data from 134 children aged 6-12 years who were enrolled in a clinical trial investigating multinutrient supplementation as a treatment for ADHD and emotional dysregulation. Household food security status was assessed using the 18-item US Household Food Security Survey Module. The symptoms of ADHD and emotional dysregulation disorders (oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) and disruptive mood dysregulation disorder (DMDD)) were assessed using the Child and Adolescent Symptom Inventory-5 and other comorbid emotional dysregulation symptoms were assessed using the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ). Multiple linear regression determined associations between household food security status and symptoms of ADHD, ODD and DMDD, emotional symptoms and conduct problems. Household food insecurity was associated with more severe emotional symptoms (β = 2.30; 95% CI = 0.87-3.73; <i>p</i> = 0.002), conduct problems (β = 1.15; 95% CI = 0.01-2.30; <i>p</i> = 0.049) and total difficulties scores (β = 4.59; 95% CI = 1.82-7.37; <i>p</i> = 0.001) after adjusting for covariates (child's sex, parent marital status, household income, parental anxiety and other parental psychopathology). In unadjusted analyses, household food insecurity was also associated with increased ODD (β = 0.58; 95% CI = 0.21-0.95; <i>p</i> = 0.003) and DMDD symptoms (β = 0.69; 95% CI = 0.20-1.19; <i>p</i> = 0.006), but these associations attenuated to non-significance after adjusting for all covariates. Household food insecurity was associated with more severe emotional dysregulation symptoms. Discussing and addressing food insecurity may be appropriate initial steps for youths with ADHD and emotional dysregulation.""]"28474229,Dose-Response Effects of Long-Acting Liquid Methylphenidate in Children with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD): A Pilot Study.,"['ADHD', 'ASD', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism spectrum disorder', 'Methylphenidate']","['Soo-Jeong Kim', 'Sophia Shonka', 'William P French', 'Jennifer Strickland', 'Lindsey Miller', 'Mark A Stein']","['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms are common in youth with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) and are frequently treated with stimulant medications. Twenty-seven children were randomized to different dose titration schedules, and ADHD symptoms, tolerability, and aberrant behaviors were assessed weekly during a 6-week trial with long-acting liquid methylphenidate (MPH). MPH at low to moderate doses was effective in reducing ADHD symptoms and was well tolerated in young children with ASD and ADHD. Future studies are needed to assess generalization and maintenance of efficacy.']"33956509,"Mood and Proneness to Boredom Are Associated with Poorer Continuous Performance Test Results, Which May Improve with Methylphenidate Treatment, in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.","['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'methylphenidate', 'mood', 'proneness to boredom', 'test of variables of attention']","['Pavel Golubchik', 'Gila Schoen', 'Abraham Weizman']","[""<b><i>Objectives:</i></b> This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between baseline test of variables of attention (TOVA) performance, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptom severity, mood symptoms, proneness to boredom in children with ADHD, and to assess the responses of the various scales to methylphenidate treatment. <b><i>Methods:</i></b> Thirty-three children and adolescents with ADHD, aged 7-18 years, were assessed at baseline with TOVA and treated for 3 months thereafter with methylphenidate. The ADHD Rating Scale (ADHD-RS), Short Boredom Proneness Scale (SBPS), Children's Depression Inventory (CDI) scale, and CDI-academic and social subscale (CDI-AS) were administered to all participants at baseline and after 3 months of methylphenidate (MPH) treatment. <b><i>Results:</i></b> The baseline TOVA reaction time (RT) and RT variability parameters correlated with baseline SBPS and CDI-AS scores as well as with baseline total CDI scores. Significant improvements were found in ADHD-RS, SBPS, and CDI-AS scores after MPH treatment. The alteration in ADHD-RS correlated with parallel changes in SBPS and CDI-AS scores. <b><i>Conclusions:</i></b> Mood and proneness to boredom correlate with poor attention-span in children with ADHD. Improvement in ADHD levels after MPH treatment correlates with a parallel decrease in mood symptoms related to academic achievement and social functioning.""]"32492579,Medication Use in Youth With Autism and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autism', 'psychotropic medication']","['Jessica E Rast', 'Kristy A Anderson', 'Anne M Roux', 'Paul T Shattuck']","[StringElement('Children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) may benefit from medication to treat a diverse array of behaviors and health conditions common in this population including co-occurring conditions associated with ASD, such as attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and anxiety. However, prescribing guidelines are lacking and research providing national estimates of medication use in youth with ASD is scant. We examined a nationally representative sample of children and youth ages 6 to 17 with a current diagnosis of ASD to estimate the prevalence and correlates of psychotropic medication.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""This study used data from the 2016 and 2017 National Survey of Children's Health. We estimated unadjusted prevalence rates and used multivariable logistic regression to estimate the odds of medication use in children and youth across 3 groups: those with ASD-only, those with ASD and ADHD, and those with ADHD-only."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Two thirds of children ages 6 to 11 and three quarters of youth ages 12 to 17 with ASD and ADHD were taking medication, similar to children (73%) and youth with ADHD-only (70%) and more than children (13%) and youth with ASD-only (22%). There were no correlates of medication use that were consistent across group and medication type. Youth with ASD and ADHD were more likely to be taking medication for emotion, concentration, or behavior than youth with ADHD-only, and nearly half took ASD-specific medication.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This study adds to the literature on medication use in children and youth with ASD, presenting recent, nationally representative estimates of high prevalence of psychotropic drug use among children with ASD and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33179025,Early-life antibiotic use and risk of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorder: results of a discordant twin study.,"['ADHD', 'ASD', 'antibiotics', 'children', 'discordant twin design', 'early life', 'gut-brain axis']","['Elise M A Slob', 'Bronwyn K Brew', 'Susanne J H Vijverberg', 'Talitha Dijs', 'Catharina E M van Beijsterveldt', 'Gerard H Koppelman', 'Meike Bartels', 'Conor V Dolan', 'Henrik Larsson', 'Sebastian Lundström', 'Paul Lichtenstein', 'Tong Gong', 'Anke H Maitland-van der Zee', 'Aletta D Kraneveld', 'Catarina Almqvist', 'Dorret I Boomsma']","[StringElement('Development of the gut-brain axis in early life may be disturbed by antibiotic use. It has been hypothesized that this disturbance may contribute to development of neurodevelopmental disorders, including autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. We aimed to assess the association between antibiotic use in early life and the risk of developing attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder or autism spectrum disorder, while controlling for shared genetic and environmental factors in a discordant twin design.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We conducted a cohort study in twins (7-12\u2009years; 25\xa0781 twins) from the Netherlands Twin Register (NTR) and a replication study in the Childhood and Adolescent Twin Study in Sweden (CATSS; 7946 9-year-old twins). Antibiotic use was recorded before age 2 years. Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorder were parent-reported in the Netherlands Twin Register and register-based in the Childhood and Adolescent Twin Study in Sweden.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Early-life antibiotic use was associated with increased risk of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder development [pooled odds ratio (OR) 1.10, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.02-1.17] and autism spectrum disorder (pooled OR 1.15, 95% CI 1.06-1.25) in a case-control design. When restricting to monozygotic twin pairs discordant for the outcome, associations disappeared for both disorders in both cohorts (attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder OR 0.90, 95% CI 0.48-1.69 and OR 0.80, 95% CI 0.37-1.76, and autism spectrum disorder OR 0.66, 95% CI 0.38-1.16 and OR 0.29, 95% CI 0.02-4.50, respectively).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our findings suggest that the association between early-life antibiotic use and risk of attention-deficit hyperactivity and autism spectrum disorder may be confounded by shared familial environment and genetics.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35184133,MicroRNAs serve as prediction and treatment-response biomarkers of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and promote the differentiation of neuronal cells by repressing the apoptosis pathway.,[],"['Liang-Jen Wang', 'Ho-Chang Kuo', 'Sheng-Yu Lee', 'Lien-Hung Huang', 'Yuyu Lin', 'Pei-Hsien Lin', 'Sung-Chou Li']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a highly heritable neurodevelopmental disorder. This study aimed to examine whether miRNA expression abundance in total white blood cells (WBCs) facilitated the identification of ADHD and reflected its response to treatment. Furthermore, whether miRNA markers facilitated the growth of the human cortical neuronal (HCN-2) cells was also investigated. Total WBC samples were collected from 145 patients and 83 controls, followed by RNA extraction and qPCR assays. Subsequently, WBC samples were also collected at the endpoint from ADHD patients who had undergone 12 months of methylphenidate treatment. The determined ΔCt values of 12 miRNAs were applied to develop an ADHD prediction model and to estimate the correlation with treatment response. The prediction model applying the ΔCt values of 12 examined miRNAs (using machine learning algorithm) demonstrated good validity in discriminating ADHD patients from controls (sensitivity: 96%; specificity: 94.2%). Among the 92 ADHD patients completing the 12-month follow-up, miR-140-3p, miR-27a-3p, miR-486-5p, and miR-151-5p showed differential trends of ΔCt values between treatment responders and non-responders. In addition, the in vitro cell model revealed that miR-140-3p and miR-126-5p promoted the differentiation of HCN-2 cells by enhancing the length of neurons and the number of junctions. Microarray and flow cytometry assays confirmed that this promotion was achieved by repressing apoptosis and/or necrosis. The findings of this study suggest that the expression levels of miRNAs have the potential to serve as both diagnostic and therapeutic biomarkers for ADHD. The possible biological mechanisms of these biomarker miRNAs in ADHD pathophysiology were also clarified.']"30937850,Interoceptive awareness in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Interoception', 'Interoceptive awareness', 'Self-regulation']","['Katrin Kutscheidt', 'Thomas Dresler', 'Justin Hudak', 'Beatrix Barth', 'Friederike Blume', 'Thomas Ethofer', 'Andreas J Fallgatter', 'Ann-Christine Ehlis']","[""Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neuropsychiatric disorder normally diagnosed in childhood and persisting into adulthood in up to two-thirds of the patients. Its core symptoms comprise inattention and hyperactive-impulsive behaviours. Several studies suggest that patients with ADHD show alterations in self-regulation and self-monitoring. So far, it has not been described whether these deficits also affect the awareness of one's own bodily signals, that is, interoceptive awareness. To investigate possible alterations in interoceptive awareness, 14 adult patients with ADHD and 16 healthy controls performed a heartbeat detection task, in which they had to count their heartbeat without any external help (e.g. visualization on a screen). As an indicator of the individual interoceptive awareness ability, a score based on the comparison between recorded and counted heart beats was calculated. Our results showed that patients with ADHD performed significantly worse on this task than controls, which indicates that they were less aware of internal bodily signals while additionally experiencing deficits in regulating and monitoring their own (overt) behaviours.""]"36183596,A comparative study of gray matter volumetric alterations in adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and bipolar disorder type I.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Bipolar disorder type I', 'Gray matter volume', 'Meta-analysis']","['Hongsheng Xie', 'Yuan Cao', 'Xipeng Long', 'Hongqi Xiao', 'Xiuli Wang', 'Changjian Qiu', 'Zhiyun Jia']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and bipolar disorder type I (BD-Ι) share great overlapping symptoms and are highly comorbid. We aimed to compare and obtain the common and distinct gray matter volume (GMV) patterns in adult patients.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We searched four databases to include whole-brain voxel-based morphometry studies and compared the GMV patterns between ADHD and healthy controls (HCs), between BD-I and HCs, and between ADHD and BD-I using anisotropic effect-size signed differential mapping software.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We included 677 ADHD and 452 BD-Ι patients. Compared with HCs, ADHD patients showed smaller GMV in the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) and supramarginal gyrus but a larger caudate nucleus. Compared with HCs, BD-Ι patients showed smaller GMV in the orbitofrontal cortex, parahippocampal gyrus, and amygdala. No common GMV alterations were found, whereas ADHD showed the smaller ACC and larger amygdala relative to BD-Ι. Subgroup analyses revealed the larger insula in manic patients, which was positively associated with the Young Mania Rating Scale. The decreased median cingulate cortex (MCC) was positively associated with the ages in ADHD, whereas the MCC was negatively associated with the ages in BD-Ι.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('All included data were cross-sectional; Potential effects of medication and disease course were not analyzed due to the limited data.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('ADHD showed altered GMV in the frontal-striatal frontal-parietal circuits, and BD-Ι showed altered GMV in the prefrontal-amygdala circuit. These findings could contribute to a better understanding of the neuropathology of the two disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34460889,The role of factors associated with the course of pregnancy and childbirth in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'environmental factors', 'etiology']","['Elżbieta Lipińska', 'Agnieszka Słopień', 'Natalia Pytlińska', 'Radosław Słopień', 'Tomasz Wolańczyk', 'Anita Bryńska']","[StringElement('Assessment of the prevalence of risk factors associated with the course of pregnancy and childbirth and the condition of the child after birth in agroup of children and adolescents with ADHD and a control group.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('205 unrelated children and adolescents diagnosed with ADHD and 106 primary and secondary school students aged 7-17. Method. Mothers of children and adolescents diagnosed with ADHD, and those from the control group, were asked to provide a medical history in order to obtain data to supplement the Pregnancy and perinatal history questionnaire.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Statistically significant differences (p < 0.05) were demonstrated for the incidence rates of factors related to the course of pregnancy and childbirth such as: the occurrence of maternal diseases during pregnancy, especially in the I/II trimester, and other problems during pregnancy; exposure to stress and taking medication during pregnancy; smoking during pregnancy; mother's age at childbirth, i.e., < 25 years or > 35 years; use of pain reducing substances during labor and problems with the child during the delivery;an APGAR score in the range of 5-7 points; the occurrence of neonatal jaundice necessitating treatment, especially replacement transfusion; physical anomalies or other congenital problems in the newborn, as well as adaptive problems necessitating neonatal oxygen administration or placement in an incubator."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""Significantly more frequent occurrence of risk factors related to the course of pregnancy, childbirth and the child's condition after birth in the ADHD group may indicate their potential role in the etiology of ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33263293,"[Recommendations for the screening, diagnosis and treatment of patients with comorbid attention deficit hyperactivity- and substance use disorder].",[],"['Máté Kapitány-Fövény', 'Csaba Barta', 'Cleo L Crunelle', 'Wim van den Brink', 'Franz Moggi', 'Maija Konstenius', 'Johan Franck', 'Frances R Levin', 'Geurt van de Glind', 'Corné Coetzee', 'Mathias Luderer', 'Arnt Schellekens', 'Frieda Matthys', 'Zsolt Demetrovics']","['Among patients with substance use disorders (SUD), adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most frequently co-occuring disorder. Those SUD patients with comorbid ADHD show earlier onset of substance use, more severe SUD and poor treatment outcomes. Therefore, early recognition of ADHD is highly rele - vant within this patient population. The results of available screening instruments may lay the foundation of timely ADHD diagnosis. Considering the integrated treatment of patients with a dual ADHD+SUD diagnosis, the applica tion of combined pharmaco- and psychotherapy is recommended. Based on the evidence-and consensus-based suggestions, prescription of long-acting methylphenidate, extended-release amphetamines and atomoxetine with up-titration might be the best choice in the treatment of patients who are either unresponsive to standard dose or characterized by therapy resistance. The main purpose of this manuscript is to establish a standing-ground for the effective screening, diagnosis and treatment of ADHD+SUD patients.']"32845786,Review of lisdexamfetamine dimesylate in children and adolescents with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Lisdexamfetamine dimesylate', 'Vyvanse', 'adolescents', 'attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorders', 'children', 'efficacy', 'prodrug-stimulant', 'safety']","['Jadwiga Najib', 'Ekaterina Didenko', 'Daria Meleshkina', 'Kamila Yusupov', 'Kateryna Maw', 'Justin Ramnarain', 'Maliha Tabassum']","[StringElement('Lisdexamfetamine dimesylate is a stimulant prodrug with low abuse and diversion potential that is used in treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children, adolescents and adults. This current literature review article aims to examine safety and efficacy of LDX in children and adolescents for the treatment of ADHD based on currently available data.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Relevant English language articles were identified through computerized searches of the MEDLINE database (PubMed and EMBASE) and clinical trials registry up to January 2020 using the following search terms: lisdexamfetamine dimesylate, pro-drug stimulant, attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorders, ADHD, safety, efficacy, children, adolescents, Vyvanse. Forty-two articles were reviewed, 34 of which were included into this review, selected by the limit ""clinical trials"". This article represents the pharmacological profile, efficacy and safety data of LDX for the treatment of ADHD in children and adolescents.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The collection of studies reviewed identified that LDX was both safe and efficacious in the treatment of ADHD. The most commonly exhibited side effects were appetite suppression, weight loss, headache and insomnia. In comparison to placebo, LDX significantly improved ADHD symptoms and overall quality of life in children and adolescents. In comparison to atomoxetine, LDX showed statistically significant improvements in inattention, impulsivity, and activities of daily living. In comparison to OROS-MPH and placebo, LDX and OROS-MPH showed improvements with the CGI-I score, and ADHD-RS-IV, however, LDX was superior.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Patients have seen statistically significant improvements in their ADHD symptomatology in the classroom environment, health related quality of life, and their overall behavior in comparison to placebo, atomoxetine, and OROS-MPH. However, clinical judgment should be utilized when prescribing LDX due to patient specific needs and the side effect profile.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"30877993,Internet addiction and attention-deficit / hyperactivity disorder symptoms in adolescents with autism spectrum disorder.,"['Addiction', 'Adolescent', 'Attention-deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Autism', 'Internet']","['Kentaro Kawabe', 'Fumie Horiuchi', 'Tomoe Miyama', 'Toshihiro Jogamoto', 'Kaori Aibara', 'Eiichi Ishii', 'Shu-Ichi Ueno']","[StringElement('Several studies have reported that internet addiction (IA) is more prevalent in adolescents with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). However, the characteristics of ASD adolescents with IA are unclear. The objective of this study was to investigate the prevalence of IA in ASD adolescents, and compare the characteristics between the IA and the non-IA groups in adolescents with ASD.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""The study included 55 participants who were outpatients at Ehime University Hospital and Ehime Rehabilitation Center for Children in Japan, aged 10-19 years, diagnosed with ASD. Patients and their parents answered several questionnaires including the Young's Internet Addiction Test (IAT), Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ), Autism Spectrum Quotient (AQ), and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Rating Scale-IV (ADHD-RS)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Based on the total IAT score, 25 out of 55 participants were classified as having IA. Although there were no significant differences in AQ and Intelligence Quotient, the higher scores of ADHD symptoms in SDQ and ADHD-RS were observed in the IA group than the non-IA group. The IA group used portable games more often than the non-IA group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The ADHD symptoms were strongly associated with IA in ASD adolescents. More intensive prevention and intervention for IA are needed especially for the ASD adolescents with ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32522407,[How do children and adolescents with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) experience lockdown during the COVID-19 outbreak?],"['ADHD', 'Bien-être', 'Children', 'Confinement', 'Enfants', 'Famille', 'Family', 'Lockdown', 'School', 'TDAH', 'Well-being', 'École']","['E Bobo', 'L Lin', 'E Acquaviva', 'H Caci', 'N Franc', 'L Gamon', 'M-C Picot', 'F Pupier', 'M Speranza', 'B Falissard', 'D Purper-Ouakil']","[StringElement(""During the COVID-19 pandemic, the French government has decided a general lockdown. This unprecedented situation has raised concerns about children's and adolescent's mental health. Children and adolescents diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) may find this context of restrained activity particularly tricky. The objectives of our study are to gather information about the well-being and global life conditions of children and adolescents with ADHD during the COVID-19 outbreak in France."", attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We designed a survey including both open-ended questions and questionnaire items for parents of children and adolescents with ADHD. Parents responded to the following open-ended questions: 1) ""How is your child doing since the lockdown?"" 2) ""How is life at home since the lockdown?"" 3) ""If you had a remote service provision with a mental health professional (e.g. by telephone or video technology), please share your thoughts and any suggestions with us"" 4) ""Please share any other items that you think are important about ADHD symptoms of your child and the lockdown situation"". This survey was posted on social media on the 6th of April and disseminated by French ADHD-parent and patient organizations. The present article reports the descriptive, qualitative and textometrical analyses of the survey.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Between day 20 and 30 of lockdown, 538 parents responded to the survey, and we included 533 responses in the final analysis. The vast majority of responders were women 95\xa0% (95\xa0% CI 93,50; 97,18) with children whose mean age was 10,5 (95\xa0% CI 7.58; 13.44). Since the lockdown, 34.71\xa0% (95\xa0% CI 30.70; 38.94) of children experienced a worsening in well-being, 34.33\xa0% (95\xa0% CI 30.34; 38.56) showed no significant changes and 30.96\xa0% (95\xa0% CI 27.09; 35.10) were doing better according to their parents. The thematic analysis showed that an improvement of their children's anxiety was one of the main topics addressed by parents. This improvement related to less school-related strain and flexible schedules that respected their children's rhythm. Improved self-esteem was another topic that parents linked with a lesser exposure of their children to negative feed-back. Parents repeatedly reported both inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity. However, optimal lockdown life conditions seemed to compensate for the impact of ADHD symptoms (e.g. sufficient space at home, presence of a garden). Some parents reported worsening of general well-being in their children, and this manifested as oppositional/defiant attitudes and emotional outbursts. Parents also cited sleep problems and anxiety in this context. As regards everyday life during lock-down, at-home schooling was another major topic-parents described that their children struggled to complete school-related tasks and that teachers seemed to have forgotten about academic accommodations. The lockdown situation seems to have raised parents' awareness of the role of inattention and ADHD symptoms in their children's learning difficulties. Due to potential selection biases, the results of our survey may not be generalizable to all children and adolescents with ADHD. The main strengths of this rapid survey-based study lies in the reactivity of the participants and the quality and diversity of their responses to the open-ended questions."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""According to their parents, most children and adolescents with ADHD experience stability or improvement of their well-being. An improvement in school-related anxiety and the flexible adjustment to the children's' rhythms as well as parents' increased awareness of the difficulties their children experience are among the key topics in parents' descriptions."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35717853,Shared genetics between autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and their association with extraversion.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism spectrum disorder', 'KIZ', 'LINC00461', 'Mendelian randomization']","['Ancha Baranova', 'Jun Wang', 'Hongbao Cao', 'Jiang-Huan Chen', 'Jiu Chen', 'Miao Chen', 'Sulin Ni', 'Xijia Xu', 'Xiaoyan Ke', 'Shiping Xie', 'Jing Sun', 'Fuquan Zhang']","[StringElement('Deciphering the genetic relationships between autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) may uncover underlining shared pathophysiology as well as inform treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The summary results of genome-wide association studies on ADHD, ASD, and extraversion were utilized for the analyzes. Genetic correlations between ADHD, ASD, and extraversion were tested using linkage disequilibrium score regression. Causal relationships between ADHD, ASD, and extraversion were investigated using Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis. Novel pleiotropic genomic loci shared by ADHD and ASD were identified using a cross-trait meta-analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Extraversion was positively correlated with ADHD (r<sub>g</sub>\xa0=\xa00.205) and negatively correlated with ASD (r<sub>g</sub>\xa0=\xa0-0.193). The MR analysis showed that ADHD confers a causal effect on ASD (OR: 1.35, 95% confidence interval (CI):1.20-1.52) and vice versa (1.46, 1.38-1.55). Extraversion exerts a causal effect on ADHD only (1.19, 1.05-1.33). The cross-trait meta-analysis identified three novel pleiotropic genomic loci for ADHD and ASD, involving two pleiotropic genes, LINC00461 and KIZ.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our study provides new insights into the shared genetics of ADHD and ASD and their connections with extraversion.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35191798,Maternal polycystic ovary syndrome and the potential risk of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorder in the offspring: a systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['Autism spectrum disorder', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'maternal', 'offspring', 'polycystic ovary syndrome']","['Ahmed Abu-Zaid', 'Akshaya Srikanth Bhagavathula', 'Jamal Rahmani', 'Reem Abdullah Alyoubi', 'Osama Alomar', 'Saeed Baradwan', 'Waleed H Alkhamis', 'Mahir Khalifa', 'Majed Saeed Alshahrani', 'Khalid Khadawardi', 'Hany Salem', 'Ismail A Al-Badawi']","[StringElement('Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are two increasing important problems among children. This study aims to explore the link between maternal polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and the risk of ASD and ADHD in the offspring.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('The MOOSE guidelines were followed in the conduct of this meta-analysis. A literature search was done in PubMed/MEDLINE, Scopus, and Web of Science from inception until January 2021. The DerSimonian and Laird random-effects model was used to estimate the combined risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Sensitivity analysis was also used to investigate the effect of each study on the combined results.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('Seven studies, with 1,358,696 participants, comprising 7,334 ADHD cases and 3,920 ASD cases, were included in this study. Children born to mothers with maternal PCOS had higher risks of developing ASD (RR = 1.46, 95% CI: 1.26-1.69, I<sup>2</sup> = 64%) and ADHD (RR = 1.43, 95% CI: 1.35-1.41, I<sup>2</sup> = 0%) when compared with children born to mothers without maternal PCOS.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('This study showed that there might be a link between maternal PCOS and the risk of developing ASD and ADHD in the offspring. This important issue must be considered in PCOS women during and after pregnancy.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'})]"34057775,Atypical sulcal pattern in boys with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'brain development', 'magnetic resonance imaging', 'sulcal pattern', 'sulcal pit']","['Xinwei Li', 'Wei Wang', 'Panyu Wang', 'Chenru Hao', 'Zhangyong Li']","['Neurodevelopmental disorders, such as attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), are often accompanied by disrupted cortical folding. We applied a quantitative sulcal pattern analysis technique using graph structures to study the atypical cortical folding at the lobar level in ADHD brains in this study. A total of 183 ADHD patients and 167 typical developmental controls matched according to age and gender were enrolled. We first constructed sulcal graphs at the brain lobar level and then investigated their similarity to the typical sulcal patterns. The within-group variability and interhemispheric similarity in sulcal patterns were also compared between the ADHD and TDC groups. The results showed that, compared with controls, the left frontal, right parietal, and temporal lobes displayed altered similarities to the typical sulcal patterns in patients with ADHD. Moreover, the sulcal patterns in ADHD seem to be more heterogeneous than those in controls. The results also identified the disruption of the typical asymmetric sulcal patterns in the frontal lobe between the ADHD and control groups. Taken together, our results revealed the atypical sulcal pattern in boys with ADHD and provide new insights into the neuroanatomical mechanisms of ADHD.']"35229951,Effects of family history of substance use disorder on reward processing in adolescents with and without attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'reward processing', 'substance misuse', 'substance use disorder']","['Maria Paraskevopoulou', 'Daan van Rooij', 'Aart H Schene', 'Albert Batalla', 'Roselyne J Chauvin', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Arnt F A Schellekens']","['Patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) often develop early onset substance use disorder (SUD) and show poor treatment outcomes. Both disorders show similar reward-processing alterations, but it is unclear whether these are associated with familial vulnerability to SUD. Our aim was to investigate effects of family history of SUD (FH) on reward processing in individuals with and without ADHD, without substance misuse. Behavioural and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) data from a modified monetary incentive delay task were compared between participants with and without FH (FH positive [FH+]: n\u2009=\u200976 and FH negative [FH-]: n\u2009=\u200969; 76 with ADHD, aged 16.74\u2009±\u20093.14, 82 males), while accounting for continuous ADHD scores. The main analysis showed distinct positive association between ADHD scores and reaction times during neutral versus reward condition. ADHD scores were also positively associated with anticipatory responses of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, independent of FH. There were no main FH effects on brain activation. Yet, FH+ participants showed distinct neural alterations in ventrolateral prefrontal cortex (VLPFC), dependent on ADHD. This was driven by positive association between ADHD scores and VLPFC activation during reward outcome, only in FH+. Sensitivity analysis with stricter SUD index showed hyperactivation of anterior cingulate cortex for FH+, independent of ADHD, during reward anticipation. There were no FH or ADHD effects on activation of ventral striatum in any analysis. Findings suggest both FH and ADHD effects in circuits of reward and attention/memory during reward processing. Future studies should examine whether these relate to early substance use initiation in ADHD and explore the need for adjusted SUD prevention strategies.']"29511887,Attention profiles in autism spectrum disorder and subtypes of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD subtypes', 'Attention', 'executive function', 'intensity', 'selectivity']","['Sara Boxhoorn', 'Eva Lopez', 'Catharina Schmidt', 'Diana Schulze', 'Susann Hänig', 'Christine M Freitag']","['Attention problems are observed in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Most neuropsychological studies that compared both disorders focused on complex executive functions (EF), but missed to contrast basic attention functions, as well as ASD- and ADHD subtypes. The present study compared EF as well as basic attention functioning of children with the combined subtype (ADHD-C), the predominantly inattentive subtype (ADHD-I), and autism spectrum disorder without ADHD (ASD-) with typically developing controls (TD). Basic attention functions and EF profiles were analysed by testing the comprehensive attention function model of van Zomeren and Brouwer using profile analysis. Additionally, neurocognitive impairments in ASD- and ADHD were regressed on dimensional measures of attention- and hyperactive-impulsive symptoms across and within groups. ADHD-C revealed a strong impairment across measures of EF compared to ASD- and TD. The ADHD-C profile furthermore showed disorder specific impairments in interference control, whereas the ASD- profile showed a disorder specific impairment in basic attention component divided attention. Attention- and hyperactive-impulsive symptom severity did not predict neurocognitive impairments across- or within groups. Study findings thus support disorder and subtype specific attention/EF profiles, which refute the idea of a continuum of ADHD-I, ADHD-C, and ASD with increasing neurocognitive impairments.']"35229109,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,[],"['Meghna Rajaprakash', 'Mary L Leppert']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most prevalent neurobehavioral disorder in childhood. The major components of this disorder are developmentally inappropriate levels of inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity, which result in functional impairment in 1 or more areas of academic, social, and emotional function. In addition to the propensity for children to have some compromise of academic and emotional function, children with ADHD also have a higher frequency of co-occurring learning, cognitive, language, motor, and mental health disorders. Similarly, children with developmental disorders have a higher risk of co-occurring ADHD. The diagnosis of ADHD can be ascertained by a review of the risks for the condition, consideration of masquerading conditions, a careful history and physical examination, and the recognition of co-occurring disorders. The signs and symptoms of co-occurring disorders and the management of ADHD differ across early childhood, middle childhood, and adolescence. Management is largely limited to behavioral and pharmacologic interventions, and it favors behavioral strategies in early childhood, pharmacologic and behavioral strategies in middle childhood, and pharmacologic interventions in adolescence. This article offers an approach to the evaluation, presentation, and management of ADHD with a focus on guiding primary care pediatricians.']"27449004,"The association of Internet addiction symptoms with impulsiveness, loneliness, novelty seeking and behavioral inhibition system among adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).","['Adult Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Behavioral inhibition system', 'Impulsiveness', 'Internet addiction', 'Loneliness', 'Novelty seeking']","['Wendi Li', 'Wei Zhang', 'Lin Xiao', 'Jia Nie']","['The aims of this study were to test the associations of the Internet addiction symptoms with impulsiveness, loneliness, novelty seeking and behavioral inhibition systems among adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and adults with non-ADHD. A total of 146 adults aged between 19 and 33 years involved in this study. Participants were assessed with the Chinese version of the adult ADHD Self-report scale (ASRS), the Revised Chen Internet Addiction Scale (CIAS-R), the Barratt Impulsiveness Scale 11 (BIS-11), the Tridimensional Personality Questionnaire (TPQ), the UCLA loneliness scale, and the Behavioral Inhibition System and Behavioral Activation System Scale (BIS/BAS Scale). The results of hierarchical regression analysis indicated that impulsiveness, loneliness, and behavioral inhibition system were significant predictors of Internet addition among adults with ADHD. Higher loneliness was significantly associated with more severe Internet addition symptoms among the non-ADHD group. Adults with high impulsiveness, loneliness, and BIS should be treated with caution for preventing Internet addiction. In addition, adults with and without ADHD should be provided with different preventative strategies.']"24725022,Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): an updated review of the essential facts.,"['ADHD', 'attention-deficit disorder', 'environmental influences', 'genetics', 'treatment']","['J Tarver', 'D Daley', 'K Sayal']","[""Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a complex disorder that can affect individuals across the lifespan. It is associated with substantial heterogeneity in terms of aetiology, clinical presentation and treatment outcome and is the subject of extensive research. Because of this, it can be difficult for clinicians to stay up to date with the most relevant findings and know how best to respond to parents' questions and concerns about the disorder and interventions. This is a narrative review that aims to summarize key findings from recent research into ADHD and its treatment that clinicians can share with families in order to increase their knowledge about ADHD and intervention options. ADHD develops as a result of complex interplay between interdependent genetic and non-genetic factors. The disorder is associated with substantial impairments in functioning and poor long-term outcomes. Pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatment options are available for symptom management and to improve function, but functioning outcomes often fail to normalize in children with ADHD. Despite extensive advances in understanding this complex disorder, it is clear that there is still a long way to go. In particular, we address the need for future non-pharmacological interventions to be more specifically targeted for ADHD symptoms and its commonly associated functioning deficits in order to ensure the best long-term outcomes for children with ADHD. ""]"32607755,Risk Taking by Adolescents with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): a Behavioral and Psychophysiological Investigation of Peer Influence.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Autonomic reactivity', 'Balloon analogue risk task (BART)', 'Peer influence', 'Risk taking', 'Stress']","['Tycho J Dekkers', 'Arne Popma', 'Edmund J S Sonuga-Barke', 'Helena Oldenhof', 'Anika Bexkens', 'Brenda R J Jansen', 'Hilde M Huizenga']","['Adolescents with ADHD demonstrate increased risk-taking behavior (RTB) like substance abuse and dangerous traffic conduct. RTB in adolescence is more likely under peer influence. The current investigation (1) tests the hypothesis that adolescents with ADHD are particularly susceptible to such influence and (2) tests whether groups differed in autonomic reactivity to peer influence. Adolescent boys between 12 and 19\xa0years with (n\u2009=\u200981) and without (n\u2009=\u200999) ADHD performed the Balloon Analogue Risk Task twice. In the peer condition, a highly credible virtual peer manipulation that encouraged risk taking was added, in the solo condition this was absent. Autonomic reactivity was indexed by heart rate (HR), pre-ejection period (PEP) and respiratory sinus arrhythmia (RSA). All adolescents engaged in more risk taking in the peer condition relative to solo condition. Autonomic differences between groups were only found on PEP: a stronger sympathetic response to peer influence was observed in typically developing adolescents relative to adolescents with ADHD. Increased physiological stress (as indexed by PEP) in the peer relative to the solo condition predicted peer-induced risk taking in all adolescents. We conclude that susceptibility to peer influence is not exaggerated in ADHD but rather reflects a general tendency of adolescents. As adolescents experiencing peer influence as stressful are most susceptible to peer influence, we suggest that increasing resistance to peer influence may be an important treatment aim for these adolescents specifically.']"30388029,Changes in Sleep Problems Across Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Treatment: Findings from the Multimodal Treatment of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Study.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'behavior therapy', 'oppositional defiance', 'sleep', 'stimulant medication']","['Emily J Ricketts', 'Alexandra Sturm', 'Dana L McMakin', 'Joseph F McGuire', 'Patricia Z Tan', 'Fallon B Smalberg', 'James T McCracken', 'Christopher S Colwell', 'John Piacentini']","['<b><i>Objective:</i></b> Stimulant medication and behavior therapy are efficacious for youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, research suggests that stimulants may start and/or worsen sleep problems for youth. Further, the impact of behavior therapy for ADHD on sleep is unknown. This study examined the frequency of sleep problems and effects of stimulant medication, behavior therapy, and their combination on sleep problems in youth with ADHD. This study also explored the influence of dimensional baseline ratings of ADHD symptom subtype and psychiatric comorbidity on sleep outcomes. <b><i>Methods:</i></b> Participants were 576 children (aged 7-9 years) with ADHD-Combined type from the Multimodal Treatment of ADHD study that compared methylphenidate, behavior therapy, and their combination to community care. Before treatment, parents completed the Child Behavior Checklist used to derive a total sleep problems score. Parents also completed ratings of oppositionality and ADHD symptom severity, whereas youth completed ratings of depression and anxiety. These ratings were readministered after treatment. <b><i>Results:</i></b> General linear mixed-effects models were used to assess change in total sleep problems across treatment. The combined group exhibited a statistically significant reduction in total sleep problems (<i>z</i>\u2009=\u2009-5.81, <i>p</i>\u2009<\u20090.001). Reductions in total sleep problems in methylphenidate (z\u2009=\u2009-3.11, <i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.05), behavior therapy (<i>z</i>\u2009=\u2009-2.99, <i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.08), or community care (<i>z</i>\u2009=\u2009-1.59, <i>p</i>\u2009>\u20090.99) did not reach statistical significance. Change in psychiatric symptoms did not significantly moderate change in total sleep problems by treatment assignment. Greater baseline oppositional defiant disorder severity predicted less reduction in total sleep problems, χ<sup>2</sup>(1)\u2009=\u20093.86, <i>p</i>\u2009<\u20090.05. <b><i>Conclusions:</i></b> Findings suggest that combination of methylphenidate and behavior therapy is efficacious for reducing parent-reported sleep problems in young children with ADHD-Combined type relative to community care. However, potential ameliorative effects of monotherapy treatments (i.e., methylphenidate, behavior therapy) should be examined. Future replication is needed to confirm findings.']"34244930,The association between maternal perfluoroalkyl substances exposure and early attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Children', 'Maternal exposure', 'Meta-analysis', 'Perfluoroalkyl substances', 'Systematic review']","['Aibin Qu', 'Tengrui Cao', 'Zixuan Li', 'Wenjuan Wang', 'Ran Liu', 'Xue Wang', 'Yaxiong Nie', 'Suju Sun', 'Xuehui Liu', 'Xiaolin Zhang']","[""Some studies have shown that maternal exposure to perfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) may be associated with early attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children. The purpose of this systematic review and meta-analysis is to verify this association by reviewing existing studies and to provide a strong basis for preventing ADHD. The researchers searched electronic databases such as PubMed, Science Direct, Scopus, Google Scholar, Web of Science, and Embase for all studies published before October 2020. Finally, we included nine articles for analysis. Our meta-analysis showed that maternal exposure to PFASs was not significantly associated with the prevalence rate of early childhood ADHD (perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA), odds ratio (OR) = 1.00, 95% confidence interval (95% CI) = 0.75-1.25; perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS), OR = 1.01, 95% CI = 0.88-1.14; perfluorohexane sulfonate (PFHxS), OR = 1.08, 95% CI = 0.80-1.09; perfluorononanoic acid (PFNA), OR = 1.13, 95% CI = 0.99-1.28; perfluorodecanoic acid (PFDA), OR = 1.23, 95% CI = 0.15-2.32). Due to significant heterogeneity, we subsequently performed subgroup analysis and sensitivity analysis. Through subgroup analysis, we found that PFOS concentration of children's blood and the prevalence rate of early childhood ADHD were statistically positively correlated, and there was also a positive correlation between PFOS exposure and the prevalence rate of early childhood ADHD in the America. Moreover, there was also a statistically positive correlation between PFNA concentration in maternal blood and the prevalence rate of early childhood ADHD. Sensitivity analysis showed that the final results did not change much, the sensitivity was low, and the results were relatively stable. In conclusion, a causal relationship between maternal PFASs exposure and ADHD in children was unlikely. Among them, PFOS, PFNA, and ADHD might have positive associations worthy of further investigation.""]"35102579,Why young people stop taking their attention deficit hyperactivity disorder medication: A thematic analysis of interviews with young people.,"['CATCh-uS', 'adolescence', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'medication', 'transition']","['Daniel Titheradge', 'Jo Godfrey', 'Helen Eke', 'Anna Price', 'Tamsin Ford', 'Astrid Janssens']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common neurodevelopmental disorder that can persist into adulthood. Young people often stop taking ADHD medication during adolescence despite evidence that continuation would be beneficial. Increasingly, young people are restarting medication in early adulthood suggesting that cessation was premature. In this paper we explore the reasons given by young people for discontinuing ADHD medication.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""Qualitative data from the Children and Adolescents with ADHD in Transition between Children's and Adult Services (CATCh-uS) project was analysed to look for reasons for stopping medication. Semi-structured interviews with three groups of young people were analysed using thematic and framework analysis; this included young people prior to transition (n\u2009=\u200921); young people that had successfully transitioned to adult services (n\u2009=\u200922); and young people who left children's services prior to transition but re-entered adult services later (n\u2009=\u200921)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Reasons given by young people for stopping ADHD medication included the following: the perceived balance between benefits and adverse effects of medication; perceptions of ADHD as a childhood or educational disorder; life circumstance of the young person and challenges young people faced in accessing services.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('A multidimensional approach is needed to address discontinuation of ADHD medication in order to improve the long-term prospects and quality of life for these young people. Possible approaches include access to non-pharmacological treatments and improved psychoeducation. As many reasons given by young people are not unique to ADHD, these findings are also of relevance to medication adherence in other chronic childhood conditions.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"28072412,Glutamatergic and GABAergic gene sets in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: association to overlapping traits in ADHD and autism.,[],"['J Naaijen', 'J Bralten', 'G Poelmans', 'J C Glennon', 'B Franke', 'J K Buitelaar']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorders (ASD) often co-occur. Both are highly heritable; however, it has been difficult to discover genetic risk variants. Glutamate and GABA are main excitatory and inhibitory neurotransmitters in the brain; their balance is essential for proper brain development and functioning. In this study we investigated the role of glutamate and GABA genetics in ADHD severity, autism symptom severity and inhibitory performance, based on gene set analysis, an approach to investigate multiple genetic variants simultaneously. Common variants within glutamatergic and GABAergic genes were investigated using the MAGMA software in an ADHD case-only sample (n=931), in which we assessed ASD symptoms and response inhibition on a Stop task. Gene set analysis for ADHD symptom severity, divided into inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity symptoms, autism symptom severity and inhibition were performed using principal component regression analyses. Subsequently, gene-wide association analyses were performed. The glutamate gene set showed an association with severity of hyperactivity/impulsivity (P=0.009), which was robust to correcting for genome-wide association levels. The GABA gene set showed nominally significant association with inhibition (P=0.04), but this did not survive correction for multiple comparisons. None of single gene or single variant associations was significant on their own. By analyzing multiple genetic variants within candidate gene sets together, we were able to find genetic associations supporting the involvement of excitatory and inhibitory neurotransmitter systems in ADHD and ASD symptom severity in ADHD.']"35635061,Paths to postsecondary education enrollment among adolescents with and without childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): A longitudinal analysis of symptom and academic trajectories.,[],"['Sabrina M Di Lonardo Burr', 'Jo-Anne LeFevre', 'L Eugene Arnold', 'Jeffrey N Epstein', 'Stephen P Hinshaw', 'Brooke S G Molina', 'Lily Hechtman', 'Betsy Hoza', 'Peter S Jensen', 'Benedetto Vitiello', 'William E Pelham', 'Andrea L Howard']","['We examined developmental trajectories of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms, standardized achievement, and school performance for adolescents with and without ADHD who did and did not enroll in postsecondary education (PSE; N\xa0=\xa0749; 79% boys; 63% White, 17% non-Hispanic Black, 10% Hispanic, and 10% other ethnicities). In a multisite study (recruitment based in New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, California, and Quebec), participants were originally enrolled between 1994 and 1998 at ages 7 to 9.9 and followed up through 2012 (M<sub>age</sub> = 25 at final follow-up). Adolescents who eventually enrolled in PSE had less severe symptoms, but differences were modest and trajectories were similar over time. For all adolescents, standardized achievement trajectories declined up to two thirds of a standard deviation from ages 9 to 17. By the end of high school, the average GPA of adolescents with ADHD was three quarters of a point higher for those who eventually enrolled in PSE compared to those who did not. Overall, school performance mattered more than academic achievement for understanding eventual enrollment of adolescents with ADHD.']"32203886,Overt planning behaviors during writing in school-age children with autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism spectrum disorder', 'Education', 'Planning', 'School-age', 'Writing']","['Matthew Carl Zajic', 'Emily Jane Solari', 'Nancy Susan McIntyre', 'Lindsay Lerro', 'Peter Clive Mundy']","[StringElement('The planning behaviors of children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) during writing remain overlooked. Targeted examination of planning behaviors may help to better understand their heterogeneous writing skills.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This study examined overt planning behaviors of three groups of school-age children (ASD, ADHD, and typically developing [TD]) during the planning stage of a standardized narrative writing assessment. Aims explored group differences in time spent planning, between- and within-group differences in overt planning behaviors, and relationships between planning behaviors and writing performance as well as age, cognitive skills, and diagnostic symptom severity.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This study included 121 9-17-year-old children (60 ASD, 32 ADHD, and 29 TD). Video recordings captured overt planning behaviors during a two-minute prewriting planning stage.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS AND PROCEDURES', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Not all participants planned, but group membership overwhelmingly did not influence planning likelihood. Groups differed in time spent engaging with the outline (29 %-70 %), with the TD group spending the most time. Groups spent similar amounts of time looking away from the task (< 10 %) and looking at the task picture (20 %-33 %). The TD and ASD groups demonstrated more similar within-group-level differences in planning behavior s, while the ADHD group appeared more variable. The ADHD and TD groups but not the ASD group showed stronger associations between planning behaviors and writing performance.', attributes={'Label': 'OUTCOMES AND RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Children with ASD and ADHD differed relative to each other and to TD peers in specific planning behaviors. Implications are discussed regarding instructional practices and needed future research to examine planning during writing in children with developmental disabilities.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35562991,Shortened Infant Telomere Length Is Associated with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms in Children at Age Two Years: A Birth Cohort Study.,"['attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'environmental factors', 'epidemiology', 'inattention/hyperactivity/impulsivity symptoms', 'infant secondhand smoke exposure', 'telomere length', 'young children']","['Cindy Pham', 'Regan Vryer', ""Martin O'Hely"", 'Toby Mansell', 'David Burgner', 'Fiona Collier', 'Christos Symeonides', 'Mimi L K Tang', 'Peter Vuillermin', 'Lawrence Gray', 'Richard Saffery', 'Anne-Louise Ponsonby']","['Environmental factors can accelerate telomere length (TL) attrition. Shortened TL is linked to attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in school-aged children. The onset of ADHD occurs as early as preschool-age, but the TL-ADHD association in younger children is unknown. We investigated associations between infant TL and ADHD symptoms in children and assessed environmental factors as potential confounders and/or mediators of this association. Relative TL was measured by quantitative polymerase chain reaction in cord and 12-month blood in the birth cohort study, the Barwon Infant Study. Early life environmental factors collected antenatally to two years were used to measure confounding. ADHD symptoms at age two years were evaluated by the Child Behavior Checklist Attention Problems (AP) and the Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Problems (ADHP). Associations between early life environmental factors on TL or ADHD symptoms were assessed using multivariable regression models adjusted for relevant factors. Telomere length at 12 months (TL12), but not at birth, was inversely associated with AP (<i>β</i> = -0.56; 95% CI (-1.13, 0.006); <i>p</i> = 0.05) and ADHP (<i>β</i> = -0.66; 95% CI (-1.11, -0.21); <i>p</i> = 0.004). Infant secondhand smoke exposure at one month was independently associated with shorter TL12 and also higher ADHD symptoms. Further work is needed to elucidate the mechanisms that influence TL attrition and early neurodevelopment.']"34398171,"Association Between Prenatal Exposure to Antipsychotics and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder, Autism Spectrum Disorder, Preterm Birth, and Small for Gestational Age.",[],"['Zixuan Wang', 'Adrienne Y L Chan', 'David Coghill', 'Patrick Ip', 'Wallis C Y Lau', 'Emily Simonoff', 'Ruth Brauer', 'Li Wei', 'Ian C K Wong', 'Kenneth K C Man']","[StringElement('The risk of birth and neurodevelopmental complications with prenatal exposure to antipsychotics is unclear.', attributes={'Label': 'Importance'}), StringElement('To evaluate the association between prenatal antipsychotics exposure and the risk of birth and neurodevelopmental problems.', attributes={'Label': 'Objective'}), StringElement('This population-based cohort study included children born between January 2001 and January 2015 with follow-up to December 2019 who were identified by the Hong Kong Clinical Data Analysis and Reporting System. Pregnancies with maternal antidepressant/lithium exposure were removed. Primary analyses compared gestationally exposed and gestationally nonexposed individuals with propensity score fine stratification. Additional analyses included gestationally exposed individuals vs those with past exposure and a sibling-matched analysis to evaluate the effect of confounding by indication.', attributes={'Label': 'Design, Setting, and Participants'}), StringElement('Prenatal antipsychotic exposure.', attributes={'Label': 'Exposures'}), StringElement('Preterm birth (<37 gestational weeks), small for gestational age (birth weight <2 standard deviations below the mean for gestational age), and first diagnosis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in children.', attributes={'Label': 'Main Outcomes and Measures'}), StringElement('The cohorts included 333\u202f749 mother-child pairs for ADHD (mean [SD] maternal age at delivery, 31.46 [5.03] years) and 411\u202f251 pairs for ASD, preterm birth, and small for gestational age analyses (mean [SD] maternal age at delivery, 31.56 [5.01] years). There were 13\u202f196 children (3.95%) with a diagnosis of ADHD, 8715 (2.12%) with ASD, 33\u202f891 (8.24%) preterm, and 7009 (1.70%) who were small for gestational age. The weighted hazard ratio (wHR) was 1.16 (95% CI, 0.83-1.61) for ADHD and 1.06 (95% CI, 0.70-1.60) for ASD, while the weighted odds ratio (wOR) was 1.40 (95% CI, 1.13-1.75) for preterm birth and 1.36 (95% CI, 0.86-2.14) for small for gestational age when comparing gestationally exposed with gestationally nonexposed individuals. Additional analyses showed no association when comparing gestationally exposed individuals with those with past exposure (ADHD: wHR, 0.99; 95% CI, 0.60-1.61; ASD: wHR, 1.10; 95% CI, 0.58-2.08; preterm birth: wOR, 0.93; 95% CI, 0.70-1.24; small for gestational age: wOR, 1.21; 95% CI, 0.66-2.20) and in a sibling-matched analysis (ADHD: wHR, 0.41; 95% CI, 0.04-4.93; ASD: wHR, 0.90; 95% CI, 0.40-2.01; preterm birth: wOR, 1.25; 95% CI, 0.85-1.82; small for gestational age: wOR, 0.86, 95% CI, 0.32-2.31).', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('In this cohort study, the findings did not suggest that prenatal antipsychotics exposure increased the risk of ADHD, ASD, or small for gestational age. In the primary analysis, there was a small increased risk of preterm birth, but additional analyses comparing gestationally exposed individuals with those with past exposure and comparing gestationally exposed with gestationally nonexposed siblings did not support an increased risk. Given the benefits of treating psychosis during pregnancy, our findings do not support a recommendation for women to discontinue receipt of their regular antipsychotic treatment during pregnancy.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions and Relevance'})]"32401570,"Childhood and adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms in fibromyalgia: associations with depression, anxiety and disease impact.","['ADHD symptoms', 'Fibromyalgia', 'anxiety', 'attention deficit and hyperactivity', 'depression', 'fibromyalgia impact']","['Hakan Karaş', 'Halil Çetingök', 'Reşat İlişer', 'Elif Çarpar', 'Muzaffer Kaşer']","['<b>Objective:</b> The first aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of childhood and current attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in patients with fibromyalgia. The second aim is to assess the role of depression and anxiety on the relationship between childhood and adult ADHD symptoms with disease impact in this population.<b>Methods:</b> Sixty-four patients with fibromyalgia were compared to matched 58 healthy controls. All participants completed the Wender Utah Rating Scale (WURS), Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI) and Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ).<b>Results:</b> Patients with fibromyalgia had significantly higher mean scores of depression (BDI), anxiety (BAI), childhood ADHD symptoms (WURS) and adult ADHD symptoms (ASRS total, ASRS hyperactivity/impulsivity subscale and ASRS attention deficit subscale) than the control group. Fibromyalgia impact (FIQ) was significantly correlated with depression (BDI; <i>r</i>\u2009=\u20090.57, <i>p</i> < .001), anxiety (BAI; <i>r</i>\u2009=\u20090.56, <i>p</i> < .001) and childhood ADHD symptoms (WURS; <i>r</i>\u2009=\u20090.41, <i>p</i> < .001) in fibromyalgia group. There was no significant correlation between fibromyalgia impact (FIQ) and adult ADHD symptoms (ASRS total or sub-scale scores). Hierarchical multiple regression indicated that childhood ADHD symptoms (WURS), anxiety (BAI) and depression (BDI) predicted fibromyalgia impact. Both anxiety (BAI) and depression (BDI) mediated the relationship between childhood ADHD symptoms (WURS) and fibromyalgia impact (FIQ).<b>Conclusion:</b> Childhood ADHD symptoms may be a contributory factor to poorer functioning in the patients with fibromyalgia. The relationship was more pronounced in the presence of depression and anxiety symptoms. Evaluation of childhood and adult ADHD symptoms in patients with fibromyalgia is important for recognition and treatment of ADHD comorbidity and also for attenuating the severity of the disease.']"33880800,Efficacy and safety of methylphenidate on attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in children with Down syndrome.,"['Down syndrome', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'methylphenidate', 'oppositional deficit disorder', 'trisomy 21']","['M Roche', 'C Mircher', 'J Toulas', 'E Prioux', 'M Conte', 'A Ravel', 'S Falquero', 'A Labidi', 'S Stora', 'S Durand', 'A Mégarbané', 'C Cieuta-Walti']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common co-morbidity that affects up to 44% of children with Down syndrome (DS). There is a need for reliable, good quality research on the use of methylphenidate within this population. The objective of this study is to report our experience regarding the management of ADHD in these children using methylphenidate.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This study is a retrospective observation of 21 children with DS, followed at Jérôme Lejeune Institute between 2000 and 2018. The diagnosis of ADHD was made using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders criteria. Efficacy was measured as response or non-response on two main symptoms: attention/concentration and hyperactivity/impulsivity. Safety was evaluated by the presence or absence of side effects.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Sixteen out of the 21 children (76%) showed improvement with methylphenidate. The average age of treatment onset in responding children was 8\xa0years and 10\xa0months versus 6\xa0years and 3\xa0months in non-responders (P\xa0=\xa00.05). Average dose/weight was significantly different in responders and non-responders (0.82 vs. 0.54\xa0mg/kg/day, respectively; P\xa0=\xa00.03). Twelve children out of 21 (57%) experienced side effects; only three experienced side effects severe enough to require treatment interruption. Most common side effects were loss of appetite and difficulties in falling asleep.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Methylphenidate was effective and safe in treating ADHD in 76% of cases in children with DS, with few serious side effects to report. Early diagnosis of ADHD is important to improve the quality of life, learning, inclusion and socialisation of children with DS.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"25335520,"[Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), inhibition processes and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) - an overview].","['Aufmerksamkeitsdefizit-/Hyperaktivitätsstörung (ADHS)', 'Inhibitionsmarker', 'Kompensation', 'Methylphenidat', 'TMS-N100', 'Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)', 'Transkranielle Magnetstimulation (TMS)', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'intracortical inhibition', 'intrakortikale Inhibition', 'ipsilaterale Silent Period', 'methylphenidate', 'motorischer Kortex', 'neurophysiological markers']","['Thomas Hoegl', 'Stephan Bender', 'Johannes Buchmann', 'Oliver Kratz', 'Gunther H Moll', 'Hartmut Heinrich']","[""Motor system excitability can be tested by transcranial magnetic stimulation CFMS). In this article, an overview of recent methodological developments and research findings related to attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is provided. Different TMS parameters that reflect the function of interneurons in the motor cortex may represent neurophysiological markers of inhibition in ADHD, particularly the so-called intracortical inhibition. In children with a high level of hyperactivity and impulsivity, intracortical inhibition was comparably low at rest as shortly before the execution of a movement. TMS-evoked potentials can also be measured in the EEG so that investigating processes of excitability is not restricted to motor areas in future studies. The effects of methylphenidate on motor system excitability may be interpreted in the sense of a 'fine-tuning' with these mainly dopaminergic effects also depending on genetic parameters (DAT1 transporter). A differentiated view on the organization of motor control can be achieved by a combined analysis of TMS parameters and event-related potentials. Applying this bimodal approach, strong evidence for a deviant implementation of motor control in children with ADHD and probably compensatory mechanisms (with involvement of the prefrontal cortex) was obtained. These findings, which contribute to a better understanding of hyperactivity/impulsivity, inhibitory processes and motor control in ADHD as well as the mechanisms of medication, underline the relevance of TMS as a neurophysiological method in ADHD research. ""]"33221139,Transcriptome profiling in adult attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Gene-expression signatures', 'Transcriptomic assays']","['Niall Mortimer', 'Cristina Sánchez-Mora', 'Paula Rovira', 'Laura Vilar-Ribó', 'Vanesa Richarte', 'Montse Corrales', 'Christian Fadeuilhe', 'Olga Rivero', 'Klaus-Peter Lesch', 'Miguel Casas', 'Josep Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'María Soler Artigas', 'Marta Ribasés']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder with an estimated heritability of around 70%. Although the largest genome-wide association study (GWAS) meta-analysis on ADHD identified independent loci conferring risk to the disorder, the molecular mechanisms underlying the genetic basis of the disorder remain to be elucidated. To explore ADHD biology, we ran a two-step transcriptome profiling in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of 143 ADHD subjects and 169 healthy controls. Through this exploratory study we found eight differentially expressed genes in ADHD. These results highlight promising candidate genes and gene pathways for ADHD and support the use of peripheral tissues to assess gene expression signatures for ADHD.']"31785985,Children with autism spectrum disorder comorbid with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder examined by the Wisconsin card sorting test: Analysis by age-related differences.,"['ASD comorbid with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism spectrum disorder', 'Cognitive development', 'Executive function', 'Wisconsin card sorting test']","['Yoko Kado', 'Satoshi Sanada', 'Shigeru Oono', 'Tatsuya Ogino', 'Shin Nouno']","['The DSM-5 confirmed that autism spectrum disorder (ASD) might be comorbid with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This study investigated the executive function of ASD comorbid with ADHD (ASD\xa0+\xa0ADHD), ASD, and typically developed (TD) children using the Keio version of the modified Wisconsin card sorting test (KWCST). Children with ASD\xa0+\xa0ADHD (n\xa0=\xa043), ASD (n\xa0=\xa069), and TD (n\xa0=\xa069) were examined in two age groups: 5-9\xa0years and 10-15\xa0years. Both of the younger clinical groups showed significantly unfavorable scores for many indices in the second step compared to the TD group. As for the older groups, the ASD children showed significantly unfavorable scores in total errors in the second step, while the ASD\xa0+\xa0ADHD children did not show significant differences in either step. However, some index scores of the two older clinical groups were comparable to the older TD group in the second step. For the cognitive differences between clinical groups, the younger ASD\xa0+\xa0ADHD showed unfavorable scores in numbers of response cards until the first category achieved in the second step, while the older ASD showed unfavorable scores in categories achieved and perseverative errors of Nelson in the first step. For the degree of improvements in the second step, the older groups did not show significant group differences, while the younger ASD group showed significantly fewer improvements compared to the TD group. Based on these results, it is presumed that younger ASD\xa0+\xa0ADHD individuals are not sufficiently able to sustain attention and/or memory, and that the older ASD patients have difficulty in terms of flexibility.']"31577390,"Language deficits in specific language impairment, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, and autism spectrum disorder: An analysis of polygenic risk.","['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'genome-wide association study', 'polygenic risk score', 'specific language impairment']","['Ron Nudel', 'Camilla A J Christiani', 'Jessica Ohland', 'Md Jamal Uddin', 'Nicoline Hemager', 'Ditte V Ellersgaard', 'Katrine S Spang', 'Birgitte K Burton', 'Aja N Greve', 'Ditte L Gantriis', 'Jonas Bybjerg-Grauholm', 'Jens Richardt M Jepsen', 'Anne A E Thorup', 'Ole Mors', 'Merete Nordentoft', 'Thomas Werge']","['Language is one of the cognitive domains often impaired across many neurodevelopmental disorders. While for some disorders the linguistic deficit is the primary impairment (e.g., specific language impairment, SLI), for others it may accompany broader behavioral problems (e.g., autism). The precise nature of this phenotypic overlap has been the subject of debate. Moreover, several studies have found genetic overlaps across neurodevelopmental disorders. This raises the question of whether these genetic overlaps may correlate with phenotypic overlaps and, if so, in what manner. Here, we apply a genome-wide approach to the study of the linguistic deficit in SLI, autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Using a discovery genome-wide association study of SLI, we generate polygenic risk scores (PRS) in an independent sample which includes children with language impairment, SLI, ASD or ADHD and age-matched controls and perform regression analyses across groups. The SLI-trained PRS significantly predicted risk in the SLI case-control group (adjusted R<sup>2</sup> = 6.24%; P = 0.024) but not in the ASD or ADHD case-control groups (adjusted R<sup>2</sup> = 0.0004%, 0.01%; P = 0.984, 0.889, respectively) nor for height, used as a negative control (R<sup>2</sup> = 0.2%; P = 0.452). Additionally, there was a significant difference in the normalized PRS between children with SLI and children with ASD (common language effect size = 0.66; P = 0.044). Our study suggests no additive common-variant genetic overlap between SLI and ASD and ADHD. This is discussed in the context of phenotypic studies of SLI and related disorders. Autism Res 2020, 13: 369-381. © 2019 The Authors. Autism Research published by International Society for Autism Research published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. LAY SUMMARY: Language deficits are characteristic of specific language impairment (SLI), but may also be found in other neurodevelopmental disorders, such as autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Many studies examined the overlaps and differences across the language deficits in these disorders, but few studies have examined the genetic aspect thereof. In this study, we use a genome-wide approach to evaluate whether common genetic variants increasing risk of SLI may also be associated with ASD and ADHD in the same manner. Our results suggest that this is not the case, and we discuss this finding in the context of theories concerning the etiologies of these disorders.']"29890425,The association between exposure to environmental factors and the occurrence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). A population-based retrospective cohort study.,"['Air pollutants', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Environmental variables', 'Pesticides', 'Spatial dependence']","['Marc Saez', 'Maria A Barceló', 'Mònica Farrerons', 'Guillem López-Casasnovas']","[StringElement('A number of factors contribute to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and although they are not fully known, the occurrence of ADHD seems to be a consequence of an interaction between multiple genetic and environmental factors. However, apart from pesticides, the evidence is inadequate and inconsistent as it differs not only in the population and time period analysed, but also in the type of study, the control of the confounding variables and the statistical methods used. In the latter case, the studies also differ in the adjustment of spatial and temporal variability. Our objective here, is to provide evidence on an association between environmental factors and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('In our study, we used a population-based retrospective cohort in which we matched cases and controls (children free of the disease) by sex and year of birth (n\u202f=\u202f5193, 78.9% boys). The cases were children born between 1998 and 2012 and diagnosed with ADHD (n\u202f=\u202f116). To evaluate whether there was a geographical pattern in the incidence of ADHD, we first represented the smoothed standardized incidence rates on a map of the region being studied. We then estimated the probability of being a case by using a generalized liner mixed model with a binomial link. As explanatory variables of interest, we included the following environmental variables: distance to agricultural areas, distance to roads (stratified into three categories according to traffic density and intensity), distance to petrol stations, distance to industrial estates, and land use. We control for both observed (individual and family specific variables and deprivation index) and unobserved confounders (in particular, individual and familial heterogeneity). In addition, we adjusted for spatial extra variability.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We found a north-south pattern containing two clusters (one in the centre of the study region and another in the south) in relation to the risk of developing ADHD. The results from the multivariate model suggest that these clusters could be related to some of the environmental variables. Specifically, living within 100\u202fm from an agricultural area or a residential street and/or living fewer than 300\u202fm from a motorway, dual carriageway or one of the industrial estates analysed was associated (statistically significant) with an increased risk of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our results indicate that some environmental factors could be associated with ADHD occurring, particularly those associated with exposure to pesticides, organochlorine compounds and air pollutants because of traffic.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35645135,"Evaluation of Anxiety Sensitivity, Anxiety, Depression, and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in Patients with Tinnitus.","['Anxiety', 'anxiety sensitivity', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'depression', 'psychiatric disorders', 'tinnitus']","['Yusuf Cagdas Kumbul', 'Ümit Işik', 'Faruk Kiliç', 'Mehmet Emre Sivrice', 'Vural Akin']","[StringElement('There may be a connection between tinnitus, a common disease in society, and psychiatric disorders. When the literature is reviewed, it has been realized that more data are needed to elucidate this issue.', attributes={'Label': 'Context', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('The aim of this study is to compare the symptoms of anxiety sensitivity, anxiety, depression, and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in patients with tinnitus with healthy individuals and to investigate the relationship between tinnitus and psychiatric disorder symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'Aims', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('This study was designed as a case-control study.', attributes={'Label': 'Settings and design', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('Fifty-one patients with tinnitus and 51 healthy controls were enrolled in this study. Clinical severity of the psychiatric variables were evaluated by Beck depression inventory, Beck anxiety inventory (BAI), anxiety sensitivity index-3, and adult ADHD self-report scale (ASRS) in patient and control groups.', attributes={'Label': 'Materials and methods', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('Variables are presented as either a number, a percentage, a mean\u2009±\u2009standard deviation, or frequency. Chi-squared, Student t tests, and logistic regression analysis were used to examine the relationship between variables.', attributes={'Label': 'Statistical analysis used', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('Logistic regression analysis results indicated that a significant predictive power of BAI for the presence of tinnitus. Based on a backward-elimination regression analysis, ASRSs (inattention subscale scores) were considered to predict a higher tinnitus handicap inventory score.', attributes={'Label': 'Results', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('These findings provide additional evidence that anxiety and attention-deficit (inattentive) symptoms could contribute to the pathophysiology of tinnitus.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusion', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'})]"32740107,Adult attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder in the ambulatory care setting.,[],"['Adanna Hackett', 'Rose Joseph', 'Kevlin Robinson', 'Jeremy Welsh', 'Joyce Nicholas', 'Eric Schmidt']","[""Adult attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a significant and prevalent disorder. ADHD can impair adults' quality of life, so clinicians in multiple specialties should be able to recognize and treat the disorder. Much of the current literature has focused on childhood ADHD. However, adult ADHD is a common comorbidity in patients with mental illness, and it is essential that patients diagnosed with the disorder are treated appropriately, which can significantly improve outcomes. Adults with untreated ADHD are more likely to have substance dependence, job instability, and an overall poorer quality of life. This article reviews the screening and assessment for adult ADHD along with pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic recommendations for the management of the disorder.""]"35355262,Could immersive daydreaming underlie a deficit in attention? The prevalence and characteristics of maladaptive daydreaming in individuals with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'comorbidity', 'daydreaming', 'fantasy', 'mind-wandering']","['Nitzan Theodor-Katz', 'Eli Somer', 'Rinatya M Hesseg', 'Nirit Soffer-Dudek']","[StringElement('Maladaptive daydreaming (MD) entails excessive immersion and engagement in complex fantasy worlds, causing distress and impairing functioning. Maladaptive Daydreamers often report that existing diagnostic labels are unhelpful for them. Previous studies reported high rates of comorbid attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among persons with MD, raising the question of their separateness. This study explored whether MD differs essentially from ADHD by examining an ADHD sample, hypothesizing a much lower incidence of MD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""Adults diagnosed with ADHD (N\u2009=\u200983) were assessed for ADHD symptoms, MD, depression, loneliness, and self-esteem. Participants who exceeded the study's cutoff score for suspected MD were invited to participate in a structured diagnostic interview for MD."", attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In accordance with the hypothesis, only 20.5% of the ADHD sample met the proposed diagnostic criteria for MD. Compared with ADHD-only participants, this subgroup presented increased depression, loneliness, and lowered self-esteem.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('MD has unique clinical characteristics that are distinct from ADHD. We suggest that in some cases presenting with ADHD symptoms, an MD conceptualization may better explain the clinical picture. Future research should aim at a better differentiation of daydreaming, ADHD, and related constructs such as mind-wandering.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33011031,Comparing the prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in hearing-impaired children with normal-hearing peers.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Child health', 'Deafness', 'Hearing loss', 'Pediatric']","['R Soleimani', 'M M Jalali', 'H A Faghih']","[StringElement('The most important aspect of hearing loss is its effect on the communication abilities of individuals. The aim of this study was to compare the prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in hearing-impaired (HI) children with normal-hearing (NH) peers.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""A total of 130 children (65 children with severe-to-profound hearing loss and 65 NH peers) participated in this cross-sectional study from November 2013 to May 2014. ADHD Rating Scale IV questionnaires were given to children's parents to collect data. Descriptive and analytical analyses were used in order to achieve the objectives of the study."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The mean age of the HI children and NH peers was 14.1 and 13.3 years, respectively. In the case group, 52 children suffered from congenital hearing loss and 10 children had acquired hearing loss. In total, 19 cases (29.2%) and eight controls (12.3%) were diagnosed with ADHD. This difference was statistically significant (P=0.017). The prevalence of ADHD in children with hereditary or acquired hearing loss was 30.7% and 20.0%, respectively. However, this difference was not significant (P=0.71).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The prevalence of ADHD in school-aged children with hearing loss is higher than that in the general population of the same age. We could not find significant differences between the different subgroups due to the small sample size. Therefore, we recommend a further larger study to determine the interaction between hearing loss and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32054558,Individualization of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder treatment: pharmacotherapy considerations by age and co-occurring conditions.,"['ADHD', 'autism', 'comorbidities', 'depression', 'pharmacotherapy', 'substance use disorder']","['Greg W Mattingly', 'Joshua Wilson', 'Leticia Ugarte', 'Paul Glaser']","[""Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder that manifests in childhood and can persist into adolescence and adulthood. Impairments associated with ADHD can impact quality of life, social interactions, and increase the risk of morbidity and mortality; however, for many patients, effective treatment can lessen these effects. Pharmacotherapy with stimulants or nonstimulants is recommended in conjunction with psychosocial therapy for most patients. Determining the optimal pharmacotherapy can be complex, and the clinician needs to consider many factors such as the patient's age, comorbidities, and lifestyle. Furthermore, the needs of the patient with ADHD will change over time, with specific challenges to consider at each stage of life. A variety of Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved stimulant and nonstimulant formulations are available with different modes of delivery and durations of effect. This armamentarium of ADHD medications can be used to individualize ADHD treatment for each patient's needs. This article combines current information from the literature and the first-hand experience of the authors to provide guidance on ADHD treatment options for patients of different ages and for some of the more common comorbidities.""]"35502047,"Does methylphenidate treatment affect functional and structural ocular parameters in patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder? - A prospective, one year follow-up study.","['Accommodation', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'axial length', 'color vision', 'dopamine', 'methylphenidate hydrochloride']","['Pınar Bingöl-Kızıltunç', 'Esra Yürümez', 'Huban Atilla']","[StringElement('Methylphenidate hydrochloride, which blocks the reuptake mechanisms of dopamine and norepinephrine, is used in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) treatment. Methylphenidate has many general side effects including ocular findings. In this study, we investigated the long-term effects of methylphenidate treatment on functional and structural ocular parameters.', attributes={'Label': 'Purpose'}), StringElement('In this prospective study, children with ADHD were evaluated. All patients underwent a detailed ophthalmic examination before methylphenidate treatment. All patients were examined in the 3<sup>rd</sup>, 6<sup>th</sup>, 9<sup>th</sup>, 12<sup>th</sup> months of methylphenidate treatment. Visual acuities, color vision, pupil diameters, static, dynamic and cycloplegic retinoscopy, intraocular pressure (IOP), anterior chamber depth (ACD), axial length (AL) were evaluated and recorded.', attributes={'Label': 'Methods'}), StringElement('A total of 22 children were included in this study. The best-corrected visual acuities (BCVA) of all patients for both eyes were 0.0 logMAR, and 90.9% of patients had blue-purple color weakness before the treatment. After 1 year of treatment, none of the patients had any change in BCVA and color vision. However, an increase in myopic values of static retinoscopy and a decrease in hyperopic values of cycloplegic retinoscopy were found. Additionally, accommodation capacities were found to be decreased and AL was found to be increased significantly for both eyes. Pupil diameter, IOP, and ACD values did not change significantly.', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('Our results suggest that patients with ADHD may have blue color vision deficiencies because of the decreased retinal dopamine levels. Additionally, structural and ocular parameters, especially accommodation capacity, may be affected by methylphenidate treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusion'})]"33472504,Parental Barriers in Seeking Mental Health Services for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in Children: Systematic Review.,"['attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'obstacles', 'parental barriers', 'seeking help']","['Amani Kappi', 'Michelle Martel']","[StringElement(""Many children at risk for negative outcomes related to untreated attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) do not receive necessary mental healthcare. Parents' mental health-seeking behavior is important in the early identification of ADHD and preventing comorbidities with ADHD. Parents may experience some barriers that may delay or stop parents from seeking mental healthcare for their children."", attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""This systematic review summarized existing evidence of parents' barriers to seeking mental healthcare for their children at risk of ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('This review included 21 studies that address different parental barriers under the three levels of the social-ecological model, including individual, interpersonal, and community levels.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""Raising parents' awareness of the process of seeking mental healthcare has the potential to help identify children at risk for ADHD earlier. Developing psychoeducational intervention that improves parents' seeking behavior and reduces barriers toward seeking mental healthcare is needed."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33612131,What Predicts Life Satisfaction in Children and Adolescents with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)? A Study from Parent and Child/Adolescent Perspectives.,"['ADHD', 'adolescents', 'age', 'children', 'conduct disorder', 'life satisfaction', 'parents']","['Trinidad García', 'Estrella Fernández', 'Miriam Villalba', 'Débora Areces', 'Celestino Rodríguez']","[""The aim of this study was to analyze life satisfaction in a sample of 70 children and adolescents (M = 12.21, SD = 2.85) with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), according to parents' and children's/adolescents' reports. In addition, we examined the influence of a series of child/adolescent variables (ADHD presentation, and Conduct Disorder (CD) symptoms, age, gender, and pharmacological support status) on their levels of life satisfaction. Results indicated moderate correlations between children's/adolescents' and parents' perceptions of life satisfaction (r = .40; p < .01), with school being the area with the lowest levels of satisfaction. Also, 44.3% of the sample of parents reported that ADHD drastically interferes negatively in this context. Examining the effects of child/adolescent variables, only the variables age and CD symptoms generated statistically significant differences, showing that as children/adolescents grow up and/or present associate symptoms of CD, perceptions of life satisfaction tend to be more negative. These variables explained 34.5% of the variance of a composite score of life satisfaction, demonstrating a negative effect over the dependent variable. These results might have important implications for diagnosis and intervention in ADHD, as they highlight the relevance of considering life satisfaction as an important aspect to consider in both processes. Further studies must look more deeply into the mechanisms that explain these findings.""]"35351254,A prospective study of the decision tree prediction model for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in preschool children.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Decision tree', 'Predictive value', 'Preschool child', 'Rapid screening']","['Xin-Xin Huang', 'Ping Ou', 'Qin-Fang Qian', 'Yan Huang', 'Yan-Xia Wang']","[StringElement('To study the clinical value of attention time combined with behavior scale in the screening of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in preschool children.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A total of 200 preschool children with ADHD diagnosed in Fujian Maternal and Child Health Hospital from February 2019 to March 2020 were enrolled as the ADHD group. A total of 200 children who underwent physical examination in the hospital or kindergartens during the same period were enrolled as the control group. Attention time was recorded. Chinese Version of Swanson Nolan and Pelham, Version IV Scale-Parent Form (SNAP-IV) scale was used to evaluate symptoms. With clinical diagnosis as the gold standard, the decision tree analysis was used to evaluate the clinical value of attention time combined with behavior scale in the screening of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Compared with the control group, the ADHD group had significantly higher scores of SNAP-IV items 1, 4, 7, 8, 10, 11, 14, 15, 16, 18, 20, 21, and 22 (<i>P</i><0.05) and a significantly shorter attention time (<i>P</i><0.05). The variables with statistically significant differences between the two groups in univariate analysis were used as independent variables to establish a decision tree model. The accuracy of the model in predicting ADHD was 81%, that in predicting non-ADHD was 69%, and the overall accuracy was 75%, with an area under the ROC curve of 0.816 (95% <i>CI</i>: 0.774-0.857, <i>P</i><0.001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The decision tree model for screening ADHD in preschool children based on attention time and assessment results of behavior scale has a high accuracy and can be used for rapid screening of ADHD among children in clinical practice.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35275164,Individual and Combined Association Between Prenatal Polysubstance Exposure and Childhood Risk of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,[],"['Henri M Garrison-Desany', 'Xiumei Hong', 'Brion S Maher', 'Terri H Beaty', 'Guoying Wang', 'Colleen Pearson', 'Liming Liang', 'Xiaobin Wang', 'Christine Ladd-Acosta']","[StringElement(""Polysubstance use among pregnant women has increased because of the opioid epidemic and the increasing legalization of cannabis along with persistent tobacco and alcohol consumption. Previous research on prenatal substance use and the child's risk of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has mostly focused on single-substance exposures; simultaneous examination of multiple substance use and assessment of their synergistic health consequences is needed."", attributes={'Label': 'Importance'}), StringElement('To assess the consequences of the use of specific substances during pregnancy, investigate whether the interaction of multiple prenatal substance exposures is associated with increases in the risk of childhood ADHD, and estimate the aggregate burden of polysubstance exposure during gestation.', attributes={'Label': 'Objectives'}), StringElement('This cohort study analyzed data from the Boston Birth Cohort from 1998 to 2019. The sample of the present study comprised a multiethnic urban cohort of mother-child pairs who were predominantly low income. A total of 3138 children who were enrolled shortly after birth at Boston Medical Center were included and followed up from age 6 months to 21 years.', attributes={'Label': 'Design, Setting, and Participants'}), StringElement('Substance use during pregnancy was identified based on self-reported tobacco smoking, alcohol consumption, and use of cannabis, cocaine, or opioids in any trimester of pregnancy. Diagnostic codes for neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome or neonatal abstinence syndrome from the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, and the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, were also used to identify opioid exposure during gestation.', attributes={'Label': 'Exposures'}), StringElement(""ADHD diagnosis in the child's electronic medical record."", attributes={'Label': 'Main Outcomes and Measures'}), StringElement('Among 3138 children (1583 boys [50.4%]; median age, 12 years [IQR, 9-14 years]; median follow-up, 10 years [IQR, 7-12 years]) in the final analytic sample, 486 (15.5%) had an ADHD diagnosis and 2652 (84.5%) were neurotypical. The median postnatal follow-up duration was 12 years (IQR, 9-14 years). Among mothers, 46 women (1.5%) self-identified as Asian (non-Pacific Islander), 701 (22.3%) as Hispanic, 1838 (58.6%) as non-Hispanic Black, 227 (7.2%) as non-Hispanic White, and 326 (10.4%) as other races and/or ethnicities (including American Indian or Indigenous, Cape Verdean, Pacific Islander, multiracial, other, or unknown). A total of 759 women (24.2%) reported the use of at least 1 substance during pregnancy, with tobacco being the most frequently reported (580 women [18.5%]). Cox proportional hazards models revealed that opioid exposure (60 children) had the highest adjusted hazard ratio (HR) for ADHD (2.19; 95% CI, 1.10-4.37). After including main statistical effects of all individual substances in an elastic net regression model, the HR of opioids was reduced to 1.60, and evidence of a statistical interaction between opioids and both cannabis and alcohol was found, producing 1.42 and 1.15 times higher risk of ADHD, respectively. The interaction between opioids and smoking was also associated with a higher risk of ADHD (HR, 1.17).', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('The findings of this study suggest that it is important to consider prenatal concurrent exposure to multiple substances and their possible interactions when counseling women regarding substance use during pregnancy, the future risk of ADHD for their children, and strategies for cessation and treatment programs.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions and Relevance'})]"32327478,Trends in attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) medications among children and young adults in Ireland: a repeated cross-sectional study from 2005 to 2015.,"['child & adolescent psychiatry', 'community child health', 'epidemiology']","['MaryJo Mac Avin', 'Mary Teeling', 'Kathleen E Bennett']","[StringElement('This study examined the prescribing patterns of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) medications in Ireland between 2005 and 2015 in children, adolescents and young adults, and concomitant use of psychotropic medication.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Repeated cross-sectional study.', attributes={'Label': 'DESIGN'}), StringElement('Community setting using pharmacy claims data in Ireland.', attributes={'Label': 'SETTING'}), StringElement('Children and young adults aged 0-24 years.', attributes={'Label': 'PARTICIPANTS'}), StringElement('Authorised medications used to treat ADHD during the study period, methylphenidate, dexamfetamine, lisdexamfetamine dimesylate and atomoxetine were extracted from a national pharmacy claims database. Dispensing of concomitant psychotropic medications including antipsychotics, anxiolytics, hypnotics/sedatives and antidepressants were examined.', attributes={'Label': 'PRIMARY AND SECONDARY OUTCOMES'}), StringElement('The number on any ADHD medication ranged from 1913 in 2005 to 4853 in 2015, and the prevalence rate per 1000 eligible population aged <25 years increased significantly over time from 5.61 (95% CI 5.36 to 5.86) in 2005 to 8.36 (95% CI 8.13 to 8.60) in 2015 (p<0.0001). Negative binomial regression showed significant changes over time for ADHD prescribing (p<0.001), with significantly higher rates across the different age groups. The rates overall were three to five times higher in males. There was a significant increase in the percentage on concomitant antidepressants from 2% in 2005 to 6% in 2015 (p<0.001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('There were significantly higher rates of ADHD prescribing in children/adolescents and a significant increase in the coprescribing of antidepressants. The reasons for the increase are unclear but may reflect increasing awareness and diagnosis of the condition.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31429715,How to measure the need for transition to adult services among young people with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): a comparison of surveillance versus case note review methods.,"['ADHD', 'CAPSS', 'CRIS', 'Case note review', 'NICE', 'Surveillance', 'Transition']","['Helen Eke', 'Astrid Janssens', 'Johnny Downs', 'Richard M Lynn', 'Cornelius Ani', 'Tamsin Ford']","[StringElement('Health services have not provided adequate support for young people with long term health conditions to transfer from child to adult services. National Institute of Health and Care (NICE) guidance on transition has been issued to address these gaps. However, data are often sparse about the number of young adults who might need to transition. Using Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) as an exemplar, this study used an existing surveillance system and a case note review to capture the incidence of the transition process, and compared and contrasted the findings.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Surveillance System (CAPSS) was used to estimate the incident transition of young people with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) from child to adult services. This involves consultant child and adolescent psychiatrists from the United Kingdom (UK) and Republic of Ireland (ROI) reporting relevant young people as they are seen in clinics. In parallel, a case note review was conducted using the Maudsley Biomedical Research Centre (BRC) Clinical Records Interactive Search (CRIS). The study period ran for twelve months with a nine month follow up to see how the transition proceeded.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('CRIS identified 76 cases in the study period, compared to 18 identified using surveillance via CAPSS. Methodological issues were experienced using both methods. Surveillance issues; eligibility criteria confusion, reporting errors, incomplete questionnaires, difficulties contacting clinicians, and surveillance systems do not cover non-doctors and psychiatrists who are not consultants. Case note review issues using CRIS included the need for researchers to interpret clinical notes, the availability and completeness of data in the notes, and data limited to the catchment of one particular mental health trust.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Both methods demonstrate strengths and weaknesses; the combination of both methods in the absence of strong routinely collected data, allowed a more robust estimate of the level of need for service planning and commissioning.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"25524791,Treatment of children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and irritability: results from the multimodal treatment study of children with ADHD (MTA).,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'irritability', 'oppositional defiant disorder', 'treatment outcomes']","['Lorena Fernández de la Cruz', 'Emily Simonoff', 'James J McGough', 'Jeffrey M Halperin', 'L Eugene Arnold', 'Argyris Stringaris']","[StringElement('Clinically impairing irritability affects 25% to 45% of children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD); yet, we know little about what interventions are effective in treating children with ADHD and co-occurring irritability. We used data from the Multimodal Treatment Study of Children With ADHD (MTA) to address 3 aims: to establish whether irritability in children with ADHD can be distinguished from other symptoms of oppositional defiant disorder (ODD); to examine whether ADHD treatment is effective in treating irritability; and to examine how irritability influences ADHD treatment outcomes.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Secondary analyses of data from the MTA included multivariate analyses, and intent-to-treat random-effects regression models were used.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Irritability was separable from other ODD symptoms. For treating irritability, systematic stimulant treatment was superior to behavioral management but not to routine community care; a combination of stimulants and behavioral treatment was superior to community care and to behavioral treatment alone, but not to medication alone. Irritability did not moderate the impact of treatment on parent- and teacher-reported ADHD symptoms in any of the 4 treatment groups.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Treatments targeting ADHD symptoms are helpful for improving irritability in children with ADHD. Moreover, irritability does not appear to influence the response to treatment of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('Multimodal Treatment Study of Children With Attention Deficit and\xa0Hyperactivity Disorder (MTA); http://www.clinicaltrials.gov; NCT00000388.', attributes={'Label': 'CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION INFORMATION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"32712061,Sleep in adults with autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['Adults', 'Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism spectrum disorder', 'Meta-analysis', 'Sleep', 'Systematic review']","['Jorge Lugo', 'Christian Fadeuilhe', 'Laura Gisbert', 'Imanol Setien', 'Mercedes Delgado', 'Montserrat Corrales', 'Vanesa Richarte', 'Josep Antoni Ramos-Quiroga']","[""Sleep-related problems have been frequently reported in neurodevelopmental disorders, with special emphasis in Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) and Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). The aim of the present study is to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis on sleep disturbances in adults with ASD and/or ADHD (PROSPERO's CRD42019132916). PubMed and PsycINFO were searched for studies reporting data on sleep objective/subjective measures, as well as prevalence data of sleep disorders, in adults with ASD and/or ADHD. A manual search was conducted throughout reference lists of eligible studies. A total of 1126 studies and 66 references were identified by electronic and manual searches, respectively. Of these, 42 studies were included in the meta-analysis. Results showed that both disorders share a similar sleep-impaired profile with higher sleep onset latency, poorer sleep efficiency, greater number of awakenings during sleep, and a general lower self-perceived sleep quality compared with healthy controls. A higher proportion of N1 sleep was found in ASD participants, while a greater Periodic Limb Movements in Sleep is specific in ADHD adults. More studies are needed, especially those directly comparing ASD and ADHD participants. Controlling for medication, intellectual disability, and concurrent psychiatric disorders is mandatory.""]"30696097,<i>CLOCK</i> Polymorphisms in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): Further Evidence Linking Sleep and Circadian Disturbances and ADHD.,"['ADHD', 'CLOCK gene', 'Latin America', 'circadian rhythm', 'complex diseases', 'genetic', 'inattention symptoms', 'sleep problem']","['Marina Xavier Carpena', 'Mara H Hutz', 'Angélica Salatino-Oliveira', 'Guilherme V Polanczyk', 'Cristian Zeni', 'Marcelo Schmitz', 'Rodrigo Chazan', 'Julia P Genro', 'Luis Augusto Rohde', 'Luciana Tovo-Rodrigues']","['Circadian and sleep disorders, short sleep duration, and evening chronotype are often present in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). <i>CLOCK</i>, considered the master gene in the circadian rhythm, has been explored by few studies. Understanding the relationship between ADHD and <i>CLOCK</i> may provide additional information to understand the correlation between ADHD and sleep problems. In this study, we aimed to explore the association between ADHD and <i>CLOCK</i>, using several genetic markers to comprehensively cover the gene extension. A total of 259 ADHD children and their parents from a Brazilian clinical sample were genotyped for eight single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the <i>CLOCK</i> locus. We tested the individual markers and the haplotype effects using binary logistic regression. Binary logistic and linear regressions considering ADHD symptoms among ADHD cases were conducted as secondary analysis. As main result, the analysis showed a risk effect of the G-A-T-G-G-C-G-A (rs534654, rs1801260, rs6855837, rs34897046, rs11931061, rs3817444, rs4864548, rs726967) haplotype on ADHD. A suggestive association between ADHD and rs534654 was observed. The results suggest that the genetic susceptibility to circadian rhythm attributed to the <i>CLOCK</i> gene may play an important role on ADHD.']"35610630,Late-manifestation of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in older adults: an observational study.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Dementia', 'Early-onset Alzheimer disease', 'Late-manifestation', 'Late-onset']","['Hiroyuki Sasaki', 'Tadashi Jono', 'Ryuji Fukuhara', 'Kazuki Honda', 'Tomohisa Ishikawa', 'Shuken Boku', 'Minoru Takebayashi']","[StringElement('The age of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder onset is usually during the first 12\u2009years of life; however, there have been recent reports of late-onset attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. These reports have been limited to that of young adults, and details in older adults remain unknown. As such, we had previously presented the first case report of ""very"" late-onset attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, wherein the symptoms presented in senile age. In this observational study, we aimed to investigate the prevalence and clinical features of such attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorders in older adults visiting our dementia clinic.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Four hundred forty-six consecutive patients visiting our specialty outpatient clinic for dementia during the 2-year period from April 1, 2015 to March 31, 2017 were included in this study. First, the patients were examined for the presence or absence of dementia in our specialty outpatient clinic for dementia. Those not diagnosed with dementia were examined for the presence or absence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in our specialty outpatient clinic for developmental disorders. Finally, these patients who were diagnosed with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder were investigated in detail to clarify their clinical characteristics.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Of 446 patients (246 women and 200 men), 7 patients were finally diagnosed with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Although these 7 patients were initially suspected to have Alzheimer's disease (considering their age, 6 of these 7 patients were suspected to have early onset Alzheimer's disease), it was found that these symptoms were due to attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. These patients had four characteristics in common: (1) they were significantly younger than the complete study population; (2) they predominantly showed inattention-related symptoms; (3) they showed latent manifestation; and (4) they experienced a stressful life event before manifestation."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our previous case report suggested that very late-onset attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder patients could be incorrectly diagnosed with dementia. In this observational study, 1.6% of patients who were initially suspected of having dementia were actually diagnosed with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. This study also showed that the ""late-onset"" described in our previous report would be better described as ""late-manifestation."" A clinician should consider late-manifestation of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in the differential diagnosis when encountering dementia patients, especially early onset Alzheimer\'s disease.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31558401,"ADHD, stigma and continuum beliefs: A population survey on public attitudes towards children and adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, ADHD', 'Contact', 'Continuum beliefs', 'Emotions', 'Social distance', 'Stigma']","['Sven Speerforck', 'Susanne Stolzenburg', 'Johannes Hertel', 'Hans J Grabe', 'Maria Strauß', 'Mauro G Carta', 'Matthias C Angermeyer', 'Georg Schomerus']","['ADHD is a mental illness of high epidemiological and clinical importance, embedded in a complex socio-cultural context. We estimated the prevalence of attitudes related to ADHD in a representative population survey in Germany (n\u202f=\u202f1008) after presenting an unlabelled vignette of a child or an adult with ADHD. Relations of personal experience, interpersonal contact and continuum beliefs with emotions and social distance were calculated using path models. About two-thirds of the German public indicated they believe in a continuum of ADHD symptoms, and half stated that they know somebody among family or close friends with a comparable problem. About one-quarter of respondents felt annoyed by the depicted person. While an adult with ADHD was most frequently accepted as a work colleague or neighbor, about one-quarter of the German general population rejected renting a room or giving a job recommendation. Personal Experience (both vignettes) and contact (adult vignette) were related to a higher belief in a continuum of symptoms, while explanation of variance was low. A belief in a continuum of symptoms was related to more pro-social reactions and less social distance. This study indicates that emphasizing aspects of a continuum of symptoms should be considered within the disorder model of ADHD.']"32753233,Adolescent Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: Understanding Teenage Symptom Trajectories.,"['Adult outcome', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Brain function', 'Brain structure', 'Prognosis', 'Recovery']","['Philip Shaw', 'Gustavo Sudre']","['Symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) run a variable course through adolescence. While most affected individuals show some improvement, particularly of hyperactivity-impulsivity, symptoms of inattention are more persistent, and some individuals may meet diagnostic criteria for the first time during adolescence. Genetic factors affect adolescent symptom trajectories; those showing persistence likely carry a greater burden of common risk alleles. Rare structural genomic variants, such as copy number variants and point mutations, might also play a role. Although psychostimulant medication is associated with better functional outcomes, an impact on underlying adolescent symptom trajectories has been hard to demonstrate. At a neural level, several studies report that adolescents whose childhood ADHD symptoms have remitted are indistinguishable from neurotypical individuals. This finding could reflect the ""carrying forward"" of relatively typical childhood neural features among those destined for adolescent remission or the correction of early childhood anomalies with a convergence toward typical dimensions. Other studies have noted unique, possibly compensatory patterns of neural activity among adolescents whose ADHD has improved. Finally, different neural processes might occur in different brain regions. Thus, some functional imaging studies find that subcortical anomalies reflect the onset of ADHD and remain throughout life regardless of symptom change, whereas the variable clinical course of adolescent ADHD is determined by plasticity of the cerebral cortex. Integrating an understanding of the neural processes with genomic risk could elucidate the mechanisms underlying the complex course of adolescent ADHD.']"34819012,Coenzyme Q10 in the Treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in Children: A Randomized Controlled Trial.,"['ADHD', 'antioxidants', 'atomoxetine', 'attention', 'coenzyme Q10', 'oxidative stress']","['Fatma Gamal', 'Osama El Agami', 'Abeer Salamah']","[StringElement('Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder is a common child neurobehavioral disorder whose pathogenesis is not completely understood. However, some evidence indicates a crucial link between this disorder and the degree of oxidative stress. Coenzyme Q10 (ubiquinol) is an antioxidant that may play a significant role in the treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To assess the safety and efficacy of coenzyme Q10 as an add-on drug treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Sixty children, aged 6-16 years, with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, non-responders to atomoxetine treatment for 6 months, were included in this double-blind, randomized, and controlled study. Group 1 received atomoxetine plus coenzyme Q10, and group 2 received atomoxetine plus placebo for 6 months. Follow-up by CONNERS parent rating scale questionnaire (CPRS-48) was performed before and after 1, 3, and 6 months of treatment, and any drug-related side effects were reported.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The addition of coenzyme Q10 to atomoxetine in group 1 improved symptoms in a shorter time with minimal adverse effects. Group 1 showed improvement of about 33.87% in CPRS-48 total score versus 18.24% in group 2. There was a statistically significant decrease in CPRS-48 total score and its three subscales (learning problems, impulsive hyperactive subscale, and 10-items hyperactivity index) in group 1 versus group 2 after six months of treatment (p-value <0.001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Coenzyme Q10 has an important role as an add-on drug treatment for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder by improving symptoms, particularly hyperactivity, and in minimizing atomoxetine adverse effects.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"28118856,NIRS-based neurofeedback training in a virtual reality classroom for children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Biofeedback', 'Electromyography', 'Near-infrared spectroscopy', 'Neurofeedback', 'Randomized controlled trial', 'School performance', 'Virtual reality']","['Friederike Blume', 'Justin Hudak', 'Thomas Dresler', 'Ann-Christine Ehlis', 'Jan Kühnhausen', 'Tobias J Renner', 'Caterina Gawrilow']","[StringElement('Children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) suffer from attention deficits, motor hyperactivity, and impulsive behaviour. These impairments are experienced at home, at school, and with friends. Functional imaging studies show that ADHD behaviour and impairments in executive functions (EFs) are mirrored by aberrant neurophysiological functioning. Moreover, several studies show that ADHD behaviour, impairments in EFs, and a lack of self-control contribute to poor school performance. Non-pharmacological interventions such as neurofeedback training (NFT), for instance, aim at improving neurophysiological and neuropsychological functioning as well as behaviour. Consequently, NFT is expected to improve school performance, EFs, and self-control in children with ADHD. Generalization of acquired self-regulation skills from laboratory to real life is crucial for a transfer to everyday situations and is hypothesized to be facilitated via training using virtual reality (VR) environments. Consequently, experiencing NFT in VR is expected to yield greater effects than training in two dimensions (2D).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""Ninety children with a clinical diagnosis of ADHD will be included in the study. Participants may be medicated or unmedicated. After random assignation to one of three conditions, all participants receive 15 training sessions of either near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS)-based NFT in VR, NIRS-based NFT in 2D, or electromyogram-based biofeedback training in VR. ADHD symptoms, self-control, EF, health-related quality of life, school performance, and motor activity measured via parent, teacher, and child reports or objectively will be assessed before and after the intervention and at a 6\xa0months follow-up. Furthermore, we are interested in parents' expectations about the training's effects."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS/DESIGN'}), StringElement(""This is, to our knowledge, the first study investigating the efficacy of NFT for children with ADHD in a VR compared to a 2D environment. Furthermore, this study will contribute to the discussion about the efficacy and specific and unspecific effects of NFTs in children with ADHD. In addition to commonly assessed variables such as ADHD symptoms, NIRS and behavioural data obtained in EF measures, health-related quality of life, and parents' expectations about the intervention's effects, this study will investigate the effects on self-control, school performance, and motor activity."", attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION'}), StringElement('ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02572180 . Registered on 19 November 2015.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION'})]"34014325,"Association of Prenatal, Early Postnatal, or Current Exposure to Secondhand Smoke With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms in Children.",[],"['Li-Zi Lin', 'Shu-Li Xu', 'Qi-Zhen Wu', 'Yang Zhou', 'Hui-Min Ma', 'Duo-Hong Chen', 'Gong-Bo Chen', 'Hong-Yao Yu', 'Bo-Yi Yang', 'Xiao-Wen Zeng', 'Li-Wen Hu', 'Guang-Hui Dong']","[StringElement('Few studies have investigated the association between the exposure window (prenatal, early postnatal, and current period) of secondhand smoke (SHS) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms and subtypes in children.', attributes={'Label': 'Importance'}), StringElement('To evaluate the associations of prenatal, early postnatal, or current SHS exposure with ADHD symptoms and subtypes among school-aged children.', attributes={'Label': 'Objective'}), StringElement('In this cross-sectional study, 48\u202f612 children aged 6 to 18 years from elementary and middle schools in Liaoning province, China, between April 2012 and January 2013 were eligible for participation. Data on SHS exposure and ADHD symptoms and subtypes for each child were collected via questionnaires administered to parents or guardians by school teachers. Data were analyzed from September 14 to December 2, 2020.', attributes={'Label': 'Design, Setting, and Participants'}), StringElement('The ADHD symptoms and subtypes (inattention, hyperactivity-impulsivity, and combined) were measured based on a validated tool developed from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (Fourth Edition). Generalized linear mixed models were evaluated to estimate the association of SHS exposure with ADHD symptoms and subtypes.', attributes={'Label': 'Main Outcomes and Measures'}), StringElement('A total of 45\u202f562 participants completed the questionnaires and were included in this study (22\u202f905 girls [50.3%]; mean [SD] age, 11.0 [2.6] years; 2170 [4.8%] with ADHD symptoms). Compared with their unexposed counterparts, children who were ever exposed (odds ratio [OR], 1.50; 95% CI, 1.36-1.66) or always exposed to SHS (OR, 2.88; 95% CI, 2.55-3.25) from pregnancy to childhood had higher odds of having ADHD symptoms and subtypes (ORs ranged from 1.46 [95% CI, 1.31-1.62] to 2.94 [95% CI, 2.09-4.13]). Compared with their unexposed counterparts, children with SHS exposure had higher odds of having ADHD symptoms when exposed in the prenatal period (OR, 2.28; 95% CI, 2.07-2.51), early postnatal period (OR, 1.47; 95% CI, 1.29-1.68), or current period (OR, 1.20; 95% CI, 1.09-1.31). Compared with their unexposed counterparts, children whose fathers smoked 10 or more cigarettes/d on both weekdays and weekends had higher odds of having ADHD symptoms and subtypes (ORs ranged from 1.48 [95% CI, 1.28-1.70] to 2.25 [95% CI, 1.29-3.93]).', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('Being exposed to SHS from pregnancy to childhood was associated with higher odds of having ADHD symptoms and subtypes among school-aged children, and the associations were somewhat stronger for SHS exposure during prenatal and early postnatal periods. Our findings highlight the important public health implications of reducing SHS exposure, which may decrease the health and economic burdens of individuals with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions and Relevance'})]"31123917,Prevalence of Epilepsy and Inter-Ictal Epileptiform Discharges in Children with Autism and Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism', 'Electroencephalography', 'Seizures']","['B Anukirthiga', 'Devendra Mishra', 'Sanjay Pandey', 'Monica Juneja', 'Neetu Sharma']","[StringElement('To study the prevalence of epilepsy and Inter-ictal epileptiform discharges (IED) in children with Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and the factors associated with occurrence of epilepsy in these children.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""Children between 6 and 12 y attending the Child Development Centre of a tertiary-care institute in India were evaluated for ASD and ADHD as per Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th edition (DSM-5). Childhood Autism Rating Scale was used to assess ASD severity,\xa0and Conner's Rating Scales were used to sub-classify children with ADHD. Intelligence quotient was assessed if not assessed in the previous 1 y. History of seizures was taken, and electroencephalography was done in all children. Epilepsy was diagnosed and classified according to International League Against Epilepsy."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of the 130 children enrolled (90 ASD, 40 ADHD), 56 (43%) had epilepsy and 55 (42.3%) had IED. The proportion of both epilepsy and IED was higher among ASD (both 45.5%) as compared to ADHD (37.5% and 35%), although not statistically significant. Among children with ASD, epilepsy was common in those with severe ASD (P\u2009<\u20090.001), and IED were more common in those with IQ <80 (P\u2009=\u20090.047). There were no significant differences between occurrence of epilepsy/IED and subtypes of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The high prevalence of epilepsy and IED among children with ASD and ADHD emphasizes the need for guidelines for identifying and diagnosing epilepsy in this group. This will\xa0ensure appropriate management and improve patient outcomes.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35270233,"Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms, Sensation-Seeking, and Sensory Modulation Dysfunction in Substance Use Disorder: A Cross Sectional Two-Group Comparative Study.","['ADHD', 'SUD', 'risk factor', 'sensation-seeking', 'sensory over-responsiveness', 'sensory processing', 'therapeutic community']","['Naama Assayag', 'Itai Berger', 'Shula Parush', 'Haim Mell', 'Tami Bar-Shalita']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and sensation-seeking, a trait characterized by risk-related behaviors, have been recognized as risk factors in substance use disorder (SUD). Though ADHD co-occurs with sensory modulation dysfunction (SMD), SMD has scarcely been explored in SUD. Thus, this study aimed to characterize ADHD symptomology, sensation-seeking, and SMD, as well as to explore their contribution to SUD likelihood.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A cross sectional two-group comparative study including therapeutic community residents with SUD (<i>n</i> = 58; study group) and healthy individuals (<i>n</i> = 62; comparison group) applying the MOXO continuous performance test (MOXO-CPT) evaluating ADHD-related symptoms. In addition, participants completed the ADHD Self-Report Scale-Version 1.1 for ADHD screening; the Brief Sensation Seeking Scale quantifying risk-taking behaviors; and the Sensory Responsiveness Questionnaire-Intensity Scale for identifying SMD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The study group demonstrated higher SMD incidence (53.57% vs. 14.52%) and lower performance in three MOXO-CPT indexes: Attention, Impulsivity, and Hyperactivity, but not in Timing, compared to the comparison group. Sensory over-responsiveness had the strongest relationship with SUD, indicating 27-times increased odds for SUD (95% CI = 5.965, 121.216; <i>p</i> ≤ 0.0001). A probability risk index is proposed.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We found SMD with the strongest relation to SUD exceeding that of ADHD, thus contributing a new perspective for developing future therapeutic modalities. Our findings highlight the need to address SMD above and beyond ADHD symptomology throughout the SUD rehabilitation.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33357227,Medications for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in individuals with or without coexisting autism spectrum disorder: analysis of data from the Swedish prescribed drug register.,[],"['Viktoria Johansson', 'Sven Sandin', 'Zheng Chang', 'Mark J Taylor', 'Paul Lichtenstein', ""Brian M D'Onofrio"", 'Henrik Larsson', 'Clara Hellner', 'Linda Halldner']","[StringElement('Clinical studies found that medication for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is effective in coexisting autism spectrum disorder (ASD), but current research is based on small clinical studies mainly performed on children or adolescents. We here use register data to examine if individuals with ADHD and coexisting ASD present differences in the prescribing patterns of ADHD medication when compared to individuals with pure ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Data with information on filled prescriptions and diagnoses was retrieved from the Swedish Prescribed Drug Register and the National Patient Register. We identified 34,374 individuals with pure ADHD and 5012 individuals with ADHD and coexisting ASD, aged between 3 and 80\u2009years. The first treatment episode with ADHD medications (≥ 2 filled prescriptions within 90\u2009days) and daily doses of methylphenidate during a 3-year period was measured. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated for the likelihood of being prescribed ADHD medication in individuals with and without ASD and Wilcoxon rank-sum test was used to compare group differences in dose per day.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Individuals with ADHD and coexisting ASD were less likely to start continuous treatment with ADHD medication (ADHD 80.5%; ADHD with ASD 76.2%; OR, 0.80; 95% confidence interval, 0.75-0.86), were less likely to be prescribed methylphenidate, and were more commonly prescribed second line treatments such as dexamphetamine, amphetamine, or modafinil. No group difference was observed for atomoxetine. In adults with ADHD and coexisting ASD, methylphenidate was prescribed in lower daily doses over three\u2009years as compared to individuals with pure ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""The findings indicate that there are differences in the medical treatment of individuals with or without ASD. If these differences are due to different medication responses in ASD or due to other factors such as clinicians' perceptions of medication effects in patients with ASD, needs to be further studied."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35334788,Do Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Follow a Different Dietary Pattern than That of Their Control Peers?,"['ADHD', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'dietary patterns', 'food consumption', 'preschoolers', 'school-age children']","['Meritxell Rojo-Marticella', 'Victoria Arija', 'José Ángel Alda', 'Paula Morales-Hidalgo', 'Patricia Esteban-Figuerola', 'Josefa Canals']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common neurodevelopmental disorders in children and adolescents. A current area of interest is the association between ADHD and food consumption. The aim of this study was to determine the food consumption and dietary patterns of children with and without ADHD in relation to their age and ADHD presentation. The study involved 259 preschoolers aged 3 to 6 years old (57 with ADHD and 202 controls) and 475 elementary-school-age children, aged 10 to 12 years old (213 with ADHD and 262 controls) from Spain. ADHD was diagnosed in accordance with the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (5th edition) from Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-Age Children interviews. Eating data were collected using a food consumption frequency questionnaire, and principal component analysis was carried out to analyze dietary patterns. Western-like, sweet, and healthy patterns were identified. The ADHD group was negatively associated with the healthy pattern (<i>p</i> &lt; 0.001) and positively associated with the Western-like diet (<i>p</i> = 0.004). Children with inattentive presentation showed lower adherence (12.2%) to a healthy pattern than that of the control group (39.9%) (<i>p</i> &lt; 0.001). There is an association between ADHD and dietary habits; children with inattentive presentation may particularly be at risk of unhealthy eating habits.']"31049988,The association between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder severity and risk of mild traumatic brain injury in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in the United States of America: A cross-sectional study of data from the National Survey of Children with Special Health Care Needs.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'children', 'concussion', 'head injury', 'traumatic brain injury']","['Semir Karic', 'Michael DesRosiers', 'Briana Mizrahi', 'Juan Zevallos', 'Pura Rodriguez', 'Noël C Barengo']","[StringElement('As children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have shown to be at higher risk of accidents and injury, one may assume that they may also bear a higher likelihood of mild traumatic brain injuries (mTBI). However, the current scientific evidence whether ADHD severity is associated with traumatic brain injuries is controversial. The objective of this study was too assess the association between the severity of ADHD and prevalence of mTBI in 0- to 18-year-old children with ADHD in the United States.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Cross-sectional study using secondary data gathered in 2009/10 from the National Survey of Children with Special Healthcare Needs. After excluding comorbidity and those with nonspecific attention deficits, the final study population consisted of 10,739 children with ADHD from 40,052 households. The main exposure variable was self-reported ADHD severity (mild, moderate, or severe). The main outcome was mTBI, defined as head injury, traumatic brain injury, and/or concussion). Covariates included age, gender and race, medication status. Unadjusted and adjusted logistic regression analysis were used.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children with more severe ADHD had consistently increased incidences of mTBI. Adjusted logistic regression analysis revealed a statistically significant association between severity of ADHD and occurrence of mTBI. The corresponding odds ratios were 1.57 (95% confidence interval (CI) [1.13, 2.18] for moderate, and 1.79 (95% CI [1.18, 2.72]) for severe ADHD, respectively, compared with mild ADHD. In males, children with moderate and severe ADHD had increased odds of mTBI. The corresponding odds ratio for mTBI in those with moderate ADHD was 1.60 (95% CI [1.07, 2.39]) and 1.86 (95% CI [1.15, 3.00]) for severe ADHD, respectively. No associations between severity and mTBI were found in girls.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('As ADHD severity was associated with incidence of mTBI, it is important to identify those who need increased attention and counselling to prevent injury.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35345905,Depression Among University Students With Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms: A Study of Interpersonal Counseling.,"['Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder', 'College mental health', 'Depression', 'Interpersonal counseling']","['Yuki Sawamura', 'Reiko Taketani', 'Hitomi Hirokawa-Ueda', 'Takuro Kawakami', 'Haruka Sakane', 'Koki Teramoto', 'Ami Yamamoto', 'Hisae Ono']","[StringElement('University students with symptoms of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) often experience depression. This study examined whether interpersonal counseling (IPC) could be an effective treatment for depression among students with ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('Participants were assigned to either an IPC (N=5) or control (N=7) group. Depression was assessed by using the Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS) at baseline, postintervention, and at 4-, 8-, and 12-week follow-ups.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('No significant changes in the SDS total score were observed for either group at each postintervention point. However, the IPC group showed a large effect size at the 4- and 12-week follow-ups. A significant intergroup difference was observed after 4 weeks. No significant intergroup difference was observed after 12 weeks, but there was a large effect size.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('IPC appeared to have effects at 4 weeks postintervention. Because this was an exploratory study, further research is necessary.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'})]"31351456,Infant regulatory function acts as a protective factor for later traits of autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder but not callous unemotional traits.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism spectrum disorder', 'Callous unemotional traits', 'Executive function', 'Infants at risk', 'Regulatory function']","['Rachael Bedford', 'Teodora Gliga', 'Alexandra Hendry', 'Emily J H Jones', 'Greg Pasco', 'Tony Charman', 'Mark H Johnson', 'Andrew Pickles']","[StringElement('Reduced executive functions (EF) are commonly associated with developmental conditions (e.g., autism spectrum disorder, ASD; attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, ADHD), although EF seems to be typical in children with callous unemotional (CU) traits. Regulatory function (RF) is a proposed infant precursor that maps on onto factors driving later EF. Here, we first test whether RF is specifically and negatively associated with ASD and ADHD traits, but not CU traits. Second, we test whether RF can act as a protective factor, by moderating the association between infant markers and subsequent ASD and ADHD traits.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Participants were 79 infants at high (N\u2009=\u200942) and low (N\u2009=\u200937) familial risk for ASD. Data come from the 14-month infant visit (Autism Observational Scale for Infants; AOSI; activity level and RF from the Infant Behavior Questionnaire; IBQ) and the 7-year visit (ASD traits: Social Responsiveness Scale, SRS; ADHD traits: Conners 3, CU traits: Inventory of Callous Unemotional Traits).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Infant RF was negatively associated with later traits of ASD (B\u2009=\u2009-\u20090.5, p\u2009=\u20090.01) and ADHD inattention (B\u2009=\u2009-\u20090.24, p\u2009=\u20090.02) but not hyperactivity (B\u2009=\u2009-\u20090.25, p\u2009=\u20090.10) or CU traits (B\u2009=\u20090.02, p\u2009=\u20090.86). RF moderated the association between infant AOSI score and ASD traits, with a significant effect in those with low RF (B\u2009=\u20090.10, p\u2009=\u20090.006), not high RF (B\u2009=\u20090.01, p\u2009=\u20090.78). Similarly, for ADHD, infant activity level was associated with later ADHD inattention in those with low (B\u2009=\u20090.17, p\u2009=\u20090.04) but not high RF (B\u2009=\u20090.07, p\u2009=\u20090.48). For ADHD hyperactivity symptoms, activity level was predictive at both high and low levels of RF.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Strong RF may allow children to compensate for other atypicalities, thus attenuating the association between infant markers and later disorder traits. Whilst infant RF was associated with both ASD and ADHD inattention traits, there was no association with ADHD hyperactivity or CU traits. This suggests that any protective effect may not be universal and emphasises the need for a better understanding of the underlying moderating mechanisms.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32441129,Symptom Level Associations Between Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and School Performance.,"['NICHQ Vanderbilt Assessment Scale', 'The National Survey of the Diagnosis and Treatment of ADHD and Tourette Syndrome', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'inattention', 'school performance', 'subtypes']","['Megan Rigoni', 'Lynn Zanardi Blevins', 'David C Rettew', 'Laurin Kasehagen']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with reduced school performance. To determine which ADHD symptoms and subtypes have the strongest association, we used type and frequency of symptoms on the 2014 National Survey of the Diagnosis and Treatment of ADHD and Tourette Syndrome (NS-DATA) to create symptom scores for inattention and hyperactivity-impulsivity and define subtypes (ADHD-Inattentive [ADHD-I], ADHD-Hyperactive-Impulsive, ADHD-Combined [ADHD-C]). Regression methods were used to examine associations between symptoms and subtype and a composite measure of school performance. Children with ADHD-C and ADHD-I had higher adjusted odds of having reduced overall school performance (ADHD-C = 5.8, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 3.1-10.9; ADHD-I = 5.5, 95% CI = 3.1-10.1) compared with children without ADHD. All inattentive symptoms were significantly related to reduced school performance in reading, writing, and handwriting, while 6 of 9 symptoms were significantly associated in mathematics. Children with ADHD-I were significantly more likely than children with other ADHD subtypes to receive a school-based Individualized Education Program or 504 Plan. ADHD-I symptoms may be broadly linked to reduced school performance.']"29121517,Suicide risk reduction in youths with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder prescribed methylphenidate: A Taiwan nationwide population-based cohort study.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Methylphenidate', 'Suicide attempt']","['Sophie Hsin-Yi Liang', 'Yao-Hsu Yang', 'Ting-Yu Kuo', 'Yin-To Liao', 'Tzu-Chin Lin', 'Yena Lee', 'Roger S McIntyre', 'Brent A Kelsen', 'Tsu-Nai Wang', 'Vincent Chin-Hung Chen']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) youths have increased suicide risk. Nevertheless, the beneficial effects of methylphenidate (MPH) on suicide attempt have received relatively little attention.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To investigate the MPH usage and the risk of suicide attempt among ADHD youths.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We identified 84,898 youths less than 18 years old with ADHD diagnosis between 1997 and 2013 from National Health Insurance, and examined whether MPH use affected suicide attempt risk using Cox proportional-hazards models.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Among ADHD youths, reduction of suicide risk was found in patients prescribed 90-180days of MPH after adjusting for confounding factors (hazard ratio (HR): 0.41, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.19-0.90) and a greater reduction in those prescribed more than 180days of MPH (HR: 0.28, 95% CI: 0.17-0.48).', attributes={'Label': 'OUTCOME AND RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We observed a 59% suicide attempt risk reduction among ADHD youths prescribed between 90 and 180days and a 72% risk reduction in those prescribed more than 180days of MPH. The protective benefit observed by the group prescribed MPH for longer duration underscores the importance of psychoeducation and compliance enhancement as part of ADHD management. Indication bias is identified as a limitation of this study, and future self-case control study to investigate the association between suicide attempt and ADHD medication is suggested.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('This nationwide population-based cohort study showed that among ADHD youths, reduction of suicide risk was observed in patients prescribed MPH for duration 90days and longer, underscoring the importance of appropriate ADHD pharmacotherapy and enhancing drug compliance.', attributes={'Label': 'WHAT THIS PAPER ADDS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30690737,Practitioner Review: Assessment and treatment of preschool children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'assessment', 'intervention', 'preschool children']","['Jeffrey M Halperin', 'David J Marks']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) often emerges during the preschool years and remains impairing throughout the life span. Early identification and intervention may yield lasting benefits that alter the often-adverse trajectory of the disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This Practitioner Review provides up-to-date information regarding the evaluation and treatment of ADHD in preschool children. The clinical presentation of ADHD in preschool children, its persistence into later childhood, the applicability of DSM-5 criteria for preschoolers with ADHD, and early predictors of long-term trajectories are addressed, as well as current findings from randomized controlled trials of both nonpharmacological and pharmacological interventions.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Symptoms of hyperactivity/impulsivity extend down to age 3, but several inattention symptoms, as defined by DSM-V, less accurately differentiate preschoolers with and without ADHD. Most preschool youth with ADHD symptoms continue to manifest symptoms and impairment into school-age and adolescence. However, few predictors of persistence beyond early severity have been identified. Behavioral interventions constitute a first-line treatment for preschool ADHD symptoms, with telepsychiatry increasing in prominence to help to mitigate financial, geographic, and/or logistical barriers to care. Pharmacological interventions, particularly psychostimulants, also confer demonstrable benefits, yet efficacy and safety profiles are less desirable relative to findings in school-age youth.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Acute treatments have demonstrable efficacy, but do not appear to fundamentally alter underlying mechanisms or long-term trajectories.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30557705,Profiling of miRNAs in serum of children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder shows significant alterations.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Circulating miRNAs', 'Gene expression', 'Profiling', 'Psychiatric disorders']","['Fatemeh Zadehbagheri', 'Ebrahim Hosseini', 'Zahra Bagheri-Hosseinabadi', 'Hossein Moradi Rekabdarkolaee', 'Iman Sadeghi']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), a common psychiatric disorder, is identified by abnormal levels of impulsivity, inattention, and hyperactivity. MiRNAs play important roles in neural network development of the brain. Circulating miRNAs (cmiRNAs) are offered as promising noninvasive markers for psychiatric disorders. In this study, the expression level of neurologically relevant miRNAs was evaluated in serum samples of ADHD individuals.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('RNA extraction was performed for 60 subjects with ADHD and 60 healthy controls, and the cDNAs were synthesized for all the miRNAs. The expression level of 84 cmiRNAs was then examined in 4 ADHD subjects and 4 controls. The altered expression of 10 cmiRNAs was further evaluated in validation cohort comprising 56 ADHD and 56 control samples by qPCR. The diagnostic power of the miRNAs was determined by use of Receiver-operating characteristic (ROC) analysis. The cmiRNAs target genes were predicted using DIANA mirPath software and gene ontology enrichment analysis was performed using Cytoscape CLUGO.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Initially, 10 miRNAs showed differential expression in ADHD individuals. Further analysis confirmed four miRNAs (hsa-miR-101-3p, hsa-miR-130a-3p, hsa-miR-138-5p and hsa-miR-195-5p) upregulated and one miRNA (hsa-miR-106b-5p) downregulated. These miRNAs showed significant predictive values for discriminating ADHD individuals. Enrichment analysis highlighted the involvement of the deregulated cmiRNAs in many canonical neurobiological pathways and mechanisms.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our report is the first comprehensive study on the expression profiling of miRNAs in serum of ADHD subjects. These findings suggest a set of cmiRNAs as potential noninvasive biomarkers for ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33372539,"The utility of the Wisconsin card sorting test, 64-card version to detect noncredible attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'neuropsychological assessment', 'performance validity']","['Karen M Kosky', 'John W Lace', 'Tara A Austin', 'Dylan J Seitz', 'Brook Clark']","['Clinicians who evaluate patients with concerns related to attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are encouraged to include validity indicators throughout clinical assessment procedures. To date, no known previous literature has examined the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) specifically to address noncredible ADHD, and none has attempted to identify an embedded PVT within the 64-card version. The present study sought to address these gaps in the literature with a simulation study. Sixty-seven undergraduate participants (<i>M</i> age = 19.30) were grouped as credible (combining healthy controls and individuals with ADHD) or noncredible (combining coached and uncoached participants simulating ADHD-related impairment) and administered a battery of neuropsychological tests. Results revealed the noncredible group performed significantly worse on several WCST-64 variables, including failure to maintain set, number of trials to first category, and total categories. Raw scores from these variables were entered as predictors as one set in a logistic regression (LR) with group membership as the outcome variable. An exponentiated equation (EE) derived from LR results yielded acceptable discriminability (area under receiver operating characteristic curve = .73) with modest sensitivity (.38) while maintaining ideal specificity (.91), generally commensurate with a standalone forced-choice memory PVT and better than an embedded attention-based PVT. These findings suggested the WCST-64 may be sensitive to noncredible performance in the context of ADHD and reiterates the importance of considering tests of various cognitive abilities in the evaluation of performance validity. Implications of these findings, limitations of the present study, and directions for future inquiry, including cross-validation in clinical samples, were discussed.']"34071586,Risk of Respiratory Infectious Diseases and the Role of Methylphenidate in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Population-Based Cohort Study.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'methylphenidate', 'respiratory infection']","['Dian-Jeng Li', 'Yi-Lung Chen', 'Ray C Hsiao', 'Hsiu-Lin Chen', 'Cheng-Fang Yen']","['Children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are commonly affected by medical illness. The aim of the present study was to explore the risks of contracting respiratory infectious diseases (RIDs), including upper and lower RIDs and influenza, in children with ADHD. We also examined whether methylphenidate has a protective effect regarding the risk of contracting RIDs among children with ADHD who have a history of methylphenidate treatment. Children in the Taiwan Maternal and Child Health Database from 2004 to 2016 were included in the present study. Upper and lower RIDs, influenza, ADHD, age, sex, and records of methylphenidate prescription were identified. A Cox proportional hazards regression model was used to estimate the significance of the risk of RIDs among children with ADHD in comparison with that among children without ADHD after adjustment for sex and age. The self-controlled case series analysis was conducted to examine the protective effect of methylphenidate treatment against RIDs. In total, 85,853 children with ADHD and 1,458,750 children without ADHD were included in the study. After controlling for sociodemographic variables, we observed that children with ADHD had significantly higher risks of upper RIDs, lower RIDs, and influenza infection than did those without ADHD. Among the children with ADHD who had a history of methylphenidate treatment, the risk of contracting RIDs was lower during the methylphenidate treatment period than during the nontreatment period. Children with ADHD had a higher RID risk than those without ADHD. Methylphenidate might reduce the risk of RIDs among children with ADHD who have a history of methylphenidate treatment.']"34586694,"Neurodevelopmental disorders and incontinence in children and adolescents: Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, autism spectrum disorder, and intellectual disability-A consensus document of the International Children's Continence Society.","['adolescents', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'children', 'daytime urinary incontinence', 'fecal incontinence', 'intellectual disability', 'neurodevelopmental disorders', 'nocturnal enuresis', 'urotherapy']","['Alexander von Gontard', 'Justine Hussong', 'Stephen S Yang', 'Janet Chase', 'Israel Franco', 'Anne Wright']","[StringElement(""Neurodevelopmental disorders (NDs) are incapacitating disorders, which begin early in life, are mainly caused by genetic and neurobiological factors, and show a tendency to persist. They are associated with higher rates of incontinence in children and adolescents, including nocturnal enuresis, daytime urinary incontinence, fecal incontinence, and constipation. Without diagnosis and treatment, they will interfere with incontinence treatment leading to less favorable outcomes. The aim of this\xa0International Children's Continence Society (ICCS) document is to provide an overview of the three most important NDs, that is, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and intellectual disability (ID)."", attributes={'Label': 'AIMS'}), StringElement('This consensus paper was commissioned by the ICCS. A selective, nonsystematic review was performed. Guidelines, reviews, and selected studies were included. The recommendations are consensus-based.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD is the most common ND with special relevance in clinical practice. ASD and ID are less common, but more severe disorders than ADHD. Basic principles of the assessment and treatment of NDs are provided. Incontinence is common among patients with NDs. Specific modifications and practical approaches in the treatment of incontinence in children with NDs are outlined.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Incontinence in children and adolescents with NDs is common. Effective treatment of incontinence should be adapted and modified to the specific needs of patients with NDs. A multiprofessional approach is recommended.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34706416,"Diagnostic progression to bipolar disorder in 17,285 adolescents and young adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: A longitudinal follow-up study.","['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Bipolar disorder', 'Diagnostic progression', 'Predictors']","['Che-Sheng Chu', 'Shih-Jen Tsai', 'Ju-Wei Hsu', 'Kai-Lin Huang', 'Chih-Ming Cheng', 'Tung-Ping Su', 'Tzeng-Ji Chen', 'Ya-Mei Bai', 'Chih-Sung Liang', 'Mu-Hong Chen']","[StringElement('We investigated the diagnostic progression to bipolar disorder (BD) among adolescents and young adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Using the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database, we enrolled adolescents and young adults aged 10-29 years with ADHD between January 1, 2001, and December 31, 2010, who were followed up until December 31, 2011, to determine progression to BD. Cox regression analysis was used to examine candidate risk and protective factors.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('At the 11-year follow-up, the progression rate from ADHD to BD was 5.12%. Of the participants who progressed, 62.16% (322/518) progressed within the first 3 years. Risk factors for progression were as follows: older age (hazard ratio [HR], 1.058; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.033-1.084), comorbidity with autistic spectrum disorder (HR, 1.839; 95% CI, 1.415-2.391), disruptive behavior disorder (HR, 1.434; 95% CI, 1.132-1.816), intelligence disability (HR, 1.744; 95% CI, 1.399-2.176), depressive disorder (HR, 1.978; 95% CI, 1.577-2.482), alcohol use disorder (HR, 1.705; 95% CI, 1.057-2.751), cluster A (HR, 2.508; 95% CI, 1.167-5.391) or B (HR, 2.718; 95% CI, 1.974-3.741) personality disorder, and a family history of BD (HR, 2.618; 95% CI, 1.823-3.758) Identified protective factors were male sex (HR, 0.771; 95% CI, 0.630-0.943) and cluster C personality disorder (HR, 0.278; 95% CI, 0.086-0.898).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The study demonstrated the specific risk and protective factors for BD progression among adolescents and young adults with ADHD. It is important for clinician and mental health care providers to recognize identified factors to focus on early detection and prompt intervention.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34466569,Whey Protein <i>(Ma'aljobon)</i> as a Complementary Therapy for Treatment of Attention-deficit/ Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): A Randomized Open-label Controlled Clinical Trial.,"['Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity', 'Complementary Therapies', 'Integrative Medicine', 'Traditional Persian Medicine', 'Whey Proteins']","['Zeinab Mostajeran', 'Seyed Hamdollah Mosavat', 'Mostafa Najafi', 'Majid Emtiazy', 'Mohammad Hashem Hashempur']","[StringElement(""Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common, chronic, neurodevelopmental disorder that manifests in childhood with symptoms of hyperactivity, inattention, and impulsivity. <i>Ma'aljobon</i> (a kind of whey protein) that is derived from milk during cheese producing process is a popular dietary traditional product supposed to provide immune modulation and prevent neuropsychiatric disorder. We aimed to evaluate the efficacy of <i>ma'aljobon</i> in management of Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""In this open-label randomized, double arm, and controlled clinical trial, sixty four patients with ADHD who referred to out-patient child and adolescent clinic of <i>Khorshid</i> Hospital of <i>Isfahan</i>, Iran, were randomly assigned in the intervention group (<i>ma'aljobon</i> 25 g once daily plus standard conventional treatment (SCT)) or control group (SCT only) for a period of 8 weeks. Scores of the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ) and Conners' Continuous Performance Test (CPT) were set as the outcome measures."", attributes={'Label': 'MATERIALS AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Parent reported hyperactivity scale of SDQ showed a significant decrease in the intervention group compared to the control group (P=0.04). However, no significant between groups differences were observed in other scales of parent-reported SDQ. Also, according to the results of CPT, there was a significant improvement in the intervention group regarding attention and focus score (P=0.01).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""<i>Ma'aljobon</i> might be considered as a complementary remedy for improving hyperactivity, attention and focus of children with ADHD. However, further researches with larger sample size and longer duration should be done for achieving more reliable results."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31085060,Genome-wide analysis of emotional lability in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Adult', 'Emotional lability', 'GWAS', 'Genetics']","['Laura Gisbert', 'Laura Vilar', 'Paula Rovira', 'Cristina Sánchez-Mora', 'Mireia Pagerols', 'Iris Garcia-Martínez', 'Vanesa Richarte', 'Montserrat Corrales', 'Miguel Casas', 'Josep Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'María Soler Artigas', 'Marta Ribasés']","['Emotional lability is strongly associated with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), represents a major source of impairment and predicts poor clinical outcome in ADHD. Given that no specific genes with a role in the co-occurrence of both conditions have been described, we conducted a GWAS of emotional lability in 563 adults with ADHD. Despite not reaching genome-wide significance, the results highlighted genes related with neurotransmission, cognitive function and a wide range of psychiatric disorders that have emotional lability as common clinical feature. By constructing polygenic risk scores on mood instability in the UK Biobank sample and assessing their association with emotional lability in our clinical dataset, we found suggestive evidence of common genetic variation contributing to emotional lability in general population and in clinically diagnosed ADHD. Although not conclusive, these tentative results are in agreement with previous studies that suggest emotion dysregulation as a transdiagnostic construct and highlight the need for further investigation to disentangle the genetic basis of mood instability in ADHD and co-occurring psychiatric disorders.']"32333645,Discrepancies in Wechsler Adult Intelligent Scale III profile in adult with and without attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['WAIS', 'adult attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'comorbidity', 'discrepancy']","['Toshinobu Takeda', 'Youta Nakashima', 'Yui Tsuji']","[StringElement('The Wechsler Adult Intelligent Scale (WAIS) is the most frequently administered cognitive assessment for adult Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD); therefore, identifying discrepancies in WAIS profile in patients and comparing with matched controls would be clinically and diagnostically beneficial.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM'}), StringElement('The WAIS-III profiles of 50 adults with ADHD were compared to an age-matched typical development (TD) group.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The adult ADHD group exhibited significantly lower WAIS-III working memory (WM) and processing speed (PS) indices. However, these differences disappeared when intelligence quotient (IQ), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) score, or Autism Quotient (AQ) score was included as a covariate. The adult ADHD group also demonstrated significantly lower scores in several WM- and PS-domain subscales, while crystallized abilities were comparatively preserved. Additionally, only a small portion of participants in both groups lacked any significant gaps between WAIS-III verbal and performance IQ scores (VIQ-PIQ) or associated indices.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This study confirms previous findings that adult ADHD patients have deficits in WM and PS. However, it is highly likely that comorbidities such as depression and autism spectrum disorder contribute to lower WM and PS scores in adult ADHD. Unexpectedly, a ""flat profile"" is uncommon even in TD adults. Therefore, clinician should assess how WAIS deficits affect daily life rather than merely considering an uneven WAIS profile when diagnosing and treating adult ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION'})]"34799539,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Practice Patterns: A Survey of Kentucky Pediatric Providers.,[],"['Marie E Trace', 'Yana B Feygin', 'Patricia G Williams', 'Deborah Winders Davis', 'Kyle B Brothers', 'Janice E Sullivan', 'Aaron W Calhoun']","[StringElement(""Kentucky ranks among the highest in the nation for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) prevalence in children aged 4 to 17 years. In 2011, the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) released a clinical practice guideline based on the DSM-IV. A guideline revision based on the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-Fifth Edition (DSM-5) was released in October 2019. In this study, we assess and describe pediatric providers' ADHD practices using the 2011 guideline and DSM-5 diagnostic criteria."", attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This was a cross-sectional, survey-based descriptive study. Kentucky Chapter of the AAP (KY AAP) members were anonymously surveyed. The results were examined for trends in routine practice.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Fifty-eight general pediatricians and pediatric residents responded to the survey, yielding a 38% (58/154) response rate. Among respondents performing routine diagnosis of ADHD (N = 51), 73% (37/51) used DSM-5 criteria. Most providers usually or always initially assessed for coexisting behavioral conditions (96%; 49/51), developmental conditions (78%; 39/51), and adverse childhood experiences (73%; 37/51). Among respondents performing routine management of ADHD (N = 55), only 11% (6/55) of respondents indicated that they titrated stimulant medications every 3 to 7 days. After initiation of medication, 78% of providers scheduled a follow-up visit within 2 to 4 weeks. During subsequent visits, only half indicated discussing behavioral interventions, screening for coexisting conditions, and reviewing follow-up teacher-rated ADHD scales.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""Pediatricians in the KY AAP adhere to the DSM-5 criteria for diagnosing ADHD. Pediatric providers' practices would benefit from education in improvements in pharmacotherapy titration, surveillance of coexisting conditions associated with ADHD, discussion of psychosocial interventions, and school support strategies."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"32954923,Spontaneous age-related changes of attention in unmedicated boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'attention span', 'maturational deviance model', 'maturational lag model', 'neuropsychological test']","['Emel Erdogan Bakar', 'Sirel Karakaş']","['<b>Objective</b> Neuropsychological, neuroanatomical, and electrophysiological studies have reported a steady increase in the different attention types until the age of 10\u2009years. Moreover, differences between healthy control (HC) boys and those with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) become nonsignificant in late childhood. This cross-sectional study aimed to perform a comparative analysis of attentional processing in boys with ADHD and HC in the 6:00-10:11\u2009years age range. <b>Methods:</b> Age-related changes in attentional processing were compared between Caucasian Turkic boys (72-131\u2009months of age) with ADHD (n\u2009=\u2009144) and HC (n\u2009=\u2009112). Selective, focused, and inhibitory attention were measured using the Stroop Test (5 scores); sustained attention was measured using the Cancellation Test (3 scores); and attention span was measured using the Visual Aural Digit Span Test-Revised (6 scores). <b>Results:</b> At the age of 6\u2009years, the ADHD group had a significantly lower performance for all attention types. By the age of 10\u2009years, there were no significant between-group differences. However, the component structure of the neuropsychological test scores in the ADHD group differed from that in the HC group and previous studies. <b>Conclusions:</b> Attentional processing in boys with ADHD changes within the age-range of 6:00-10:00\u2009years where it finally becomes similar to that in HC boys. This delayed maturation is consistent with the maturational lag model of ADHD. However, there was a between-group difference in the component structure of attentional processing, which is consistent with the maturational deviance model of ADHD.']"30262352,Comparison of aural rehabilitation outcomes in presence and absence of back ground noise in hearing impaired children with and without attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Background noise', 'Hearing impairment', 'Rehabilitation']","['Fariba Noori', 'Saeed Farahani', 'Hermin Mokrian', 'Mastoore Asadi', 'Helnaz Mokrian']","[StringElement('We sought to understand the extend of improvement in seven major skills to determine the best rehabilitation approach in hearing impaired young children with and without attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Newsha developmental scale was assessed in 40 hearing impaired children with and without ADHD in two conditions, in which seven major skills (hearing, speech, receptive language, expressive language, cognition, social communication, and motor skills) were evaluated. Two separate analyses were conducted, each after six months of rehabilitation. The first six months rehabilitation was done by controlling background noise level, while the other six months rehabilitation was performed with background multi talker babble noise, and ADHD and non ADHD children performance were compared.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('After the first six months of rehabilitation there were no significant difference in improvement in any of the major skills except for motor and cognition skills between hearing impaired ADHD and non ADHD children. After the second six months of rehabilitation the extend of improvement was equal in both groups.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The equal improvement of hearing impaired ADHD and non- Children with ADHD support the benefits of rehabilitation program in both groups. In addition, it seems background multi talker babble noise can facilitate the process of rehabilitation in ADHD group. As a result, it is important to understand the specific needs of hearing impaired children with ADHD in rehabilitation program to provide the best services and increase the chance for success.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32882577,Comorbidity and patterns of familial aggregation in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and bipolar disorder in a family study of affective and anxiety spectrum disorders.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Bipolar disorder', 'Comorbidity', 'Epidemiology', 'Family study']","['Rachel F L Walsh', 'Brooke Sheppard', 'Lihong Cui', 'Cortlyn Brown', 'Anna Van Meter', 'Kathleen R Merikangas']","['The aim of this study is to examine the familial aggregation of Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and its cross-transmission with bipolar disorder (BD) in a community-based family study of mood spectrum disorders. A clinically-enriched community sample of 562 probands recruited from the greater Washington, DC metropolitan area and their 698 directly interviewed relatives were included in analyses. Inclusion criteria were English speaking and consent to contact at least two first-degree relatives. Standard family study methodology was used and DSM-IV classified mental disorders were ascertained through a best-estimate procedure based on direct semi-structured interviews and multiple family history reports. There was specificity of familial aggregation of both bipolar I disorder (BD I) and bipolar II disorder (BD II) (i.e., BD I OR\xa0=\xa06.08 [1.66, 22.3]; BD II OR\xa0=\xa02.98 [1.11, 7.96]) and ADHD (ADHD OR\xa0=\xa02.13 [1.16, 3.95]). However, there was no evidence for cross-transmission of BD and ADHD in first degree relatives (i.e., did not observe increased rates of BD in relatives of those with ADHD and vice versa; all ps\xa0>\xa00.05). The specificity of familial aggregation of ADHD and BD alongside the absence of shared familial risk are consistent with the notion that the comorbidity between ADHD and BD may be attributable to diagnostic artifact, could represent a distinct BD suptype characterized by childhood-onset symptoms, or the possibility that attention problems serve as a precursor or consequence of BD.']"31088588,A risk calculator to predict adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: generation and external validation in three birth cohorts and one clinical sample.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'child psychiatry', 'epidemiology', 'risk factors', 'statistics']","['A Caye', 'J Agnew-Blais', 'L Arseneault', 'H Gonçalves', 'C Kieling', 'K Langley', 'A M B Menezes', 'T E Moffitt', 'I C Passos', 'T B Rocha', 'M H Sibley', 'J M Swanson', 'A Thapar', 'F Wehrmeister', 'L A Rohde']","[StringElement('Few personalised medicine investigations have been conducted for mental health. We aimed to generate and validate a risk tool that predicts adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'AIM'}), StringElement(""Using logistic regression models, we generated a risk tool in a representative population cohort (ALSPAC - UK, 5113 participants, followed from birth to age 17) using childhood clinical and sociodemographic data with internal validation. Predictors included sex, socioeconomic status, single-parent family, ADHD symptoms, comorbid disruptive disorders, childhood maltreatment, ADHD symptoms, depressive symptoms, mother's depression and intelligence quotient. The outcome was defined as a categorical diagnosis of ADHD in young adulthood without requiring age at onset criteria. We also tested Machine Learning approaches for developing the risk models: Random Forest, Stochastic Gradient Boosting and Artificial Neural Network. The risk tool was externally validated in the E-Risk cohort (UK, 2040 participants, birth to age 18), the 1993 Pelotas Birth Cohort (Brazil, 3911 participants, birth to age 18) and the MTA clinical sample (USA, 476 children with ADHD and 241 controls followed for 16 years from a minimum of 8 and a maximum of 26 years old)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The overall prevalence of adult ADHD ranged from 8.1 to 12% in the population-based samples, and was 28.6% in the clinical sample. The internal performance of the model in the generating sample was good, with an area under the curve (AUC) for predicting adult ADHD of 0.82 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.79-0.83). Calibration plots showed good agreement between predicted and observed event frequencies from 0 to 60% probability. In the UK birth cohort test sample, the AUC was 0.75 (95% CI 0.71-0.78). In the Brazilian birth cohort test sample, the AUC was significantly lower -0.57 (95% CI 0.54-0.60). In the clinical trial test sample, the AUC was 0.76 (95% CI 0.73-0.80). The risk model did not predict adult anxiety or major depressive disorder. Machine Learning approaches did not outperform logistic regression models. An open-source and free risk calculator was generated for clinical use and is available online at https://ufrgs.br/prodah/adhd-calculator/.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The risk tool based on childhood characteristics specifically predicts adult ADHD in European and North-American population-based and clinical samples with comparable discrimination to commonly used clinical tools in internal medicine and higher than most previous attempts for mental and neurological disorders. However, its use in middle-income settings requires caution.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31863882,Maternal Vitamin D Levels and the Risk of Offspring Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'maternal', 'prenatal', 'vitamin D']","['Minna Sucksdorff', 'Alan S Brown', 'Roshan Chudal', 'Heljä-Marja Surcel', 'Susanna Hinkka-Yli-Salomäki', 'Keely Cheslack-Postava', 'David Gyllenberg', 'Andre Sourander']","[StringElement('Recent evidence has highlighted the importance of vitamin D in the development of the central nervous system. Some studies have shown an association between maternal vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy and offspring attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms based on parent or teacher ratings. There are no previous studies on early pregnancy 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] levels and the risk of diagnosed offspring ADHD. Our aim was to examine maternal 25(OH)D levels in early pregnancy and offspring ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('In this nationwide population-based case-control study, 1,067 ADHD cases (born between 1998 and 1999 and diagnosed according to the International Classification of Diseases) and 1,067 matched controls were identified from Finnish registers. Maternal 25(OH)D levels were measured using quantitative immunoassay from maternal sera, collected during the first trimester and archived in the national biobank. Conditional logistic regression was used to examine the association between maternal 25(OH)D and offspring ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('There was a significant association between decreasing log-transformed maternal 25(OH)D levels and offspring ADHD both in the unadjusted analyses (odds ratio 1.65; 95% CI 1.33-2.05; p\xa0< .001) and in the analyses adjusting for maternal socioeconomic status and age (odds ratio 1.45; 95% CI 1.15-1.81; p\xa0= .002). Analyses by quintiles of maternal 25(OH)D levels in the lowest versus highest quintile revealed an adjusted odds ratio for offspring ADHD of 1.53 (95% CI 1.11-2.12; p\xa0= .010).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This study demonstrated an association between low maternal 25(OH)D during pregnancy and an elevated risk for offspring ADHD. If replicated in independent samples, this finding may have significant public health implications.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"28917364,Managing childhood and adolescent attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) with exercise: A systematic review.,"['Activity', 'Adhd', 'Aerobic', 'Exercise', 'Nonpharmacologic', 'Physical']","['Qin Xiang Ng', 'Collin Yih Xian Ho', 'Hwei Wuen Chan', 'Bob Zheng Jie Yong', 'Wee-Song Yeo']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common neuropsychiatric disorders affecting some 8-10% of children worldwide. Increasing research has shed light on the life course of the disorder, suggesting that majority of children with ADHD will continue to have persistent symptoms into adulthood. The mainstay of ADHD management has been pharmacologic and behavioural/psychological interventions, with little attention paid to exercise as a potential management strategy. A systematic review, examining both the short-term and long-term effects of exercise on children with ADHD, is timely and necessary to guide further research in this area.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Using the keywords [exercise OR physical OR activity OR sport] AND [attention deficit hyperactivity disorder OR ADHD OR ADDH], a preliminary search on the PubMed and Ovid database yielded 613 papers published in English between 1-Jan-1980 and 1-July-2016. Full articles were also reviewed for references of interest.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 30 studies were included in this systematic review. Both short-term and long-term studies support the clinical benefits of physical activity for individuals with ADHD. Cognitive, behavioural and physical symptoms of ADHD were alleviated in most instances, and the largest intervention effects were reported for mixed exercise programs. No adverse effects arising from physical exercise were reported in any of the studies, suggesting that exercise is a well-tolerated intervention.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Physical activity, in particular moderate-to-intense aerobic exercise, is a beneficial and well-tolerated intervention for children and adolescents with ADHD. Future research should include more adequately-powered trials and investigate the ideal exercise prescription.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34994736,Progress and stumbling blocks in the discovery of biological and genetic basis of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'diagnostic approach', 'genetics']","['Monika Dmitrzak-Weglarz', 'Joanna Duda', 'Agnieszka Słopień']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, ADHD, is one of the most common neurodevelopmental disorders that affects up to 5% of school-aged children. Despite the defined diagnostic criteria, we are not always able to make adiagnosis as quickly as possible and to implement optimal treatment. Despite different and advanced methods and technologies used to study ADHD, we still not fully understand the biological basis of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Therefore, research is continuing to explain genetic and neurobiological background of the disorder. Genetic analysis focuses on the search for risk genes (e.g., mutations, CNV polymorphisms), their transcripts and proteins as well all modifying molecules (epigenetic modifications). Not without significance is the search for non-invasive, simple and cheap peripheral biomarker assays, extremely valuable in the diagnosis, prediction, and monitoring of the disorder. In this review, we summarize current knowledge on abroad range of biological processes underlying ADHD. The results of the presented molecular and neuroimaging studies indicate research challenges and the possibility of clinical application of important genetic and non-genetic biomarkers related to ADHD.']"35982469,Treatment patterns among children and adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in the United States - a retrospective claims analysis.,"['ADHD', 'Adolescent', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Child', 'Costs', 'Discontinuation', 'Switch', 'Treatment pattern']","['Jeff Schein', 'Ann Childress', 'Julie Adams', 'Patrick Gagnon-Sanschagrin', 'Jessica Maitland', 'Wendi Qu', 'Martin Cloutier', 'Annie Guérin']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common neurobehavioral disorder affecting approximately 10.0% of children and 6.5% of adolescents in the United States (US). A comprehensive assessment of the current treatment landscape is warranted to highlight potential unmet needs of children and adolescents with ADHD. Therefore, this study described treatment patterns and healthcare costs among commercially insured children and adolescents with ADHD in the US.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Children and adolescents with ADHD initiating pharmacological treatment indicated for ADHD were identified from IBM MarketScan Commercial Database (2014-2018). A treatment sequence algorithm was used to examine treatment patterns, including discontinuation (≥\u2009180\xa0days following the last day of supply of any ADHD treatment), switch, add-on, and drop (discontinuation of an agent in combination therapy), during the 12-month study period following the index date (i.e., first observed ADHD treatment). Total adjusted annual healthcare costs were compared between patients with and without treatment changes.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Among 49,756 children and 29,093 adolescents included, mean age was 9 and 15\xa0years, respectively, and 31% and 38% were female. As the first treatment regimen observed, 92% of both children and adolescents initiated a stimulant and 11% initiated combination therapy. Over half of the population had a treatment change over 12\xa0months-59% of children and 68% of adolescents. Treatment discontinuation over 12\xa0months was common in both populations-21% of children and 36% of adolescents discontinued treatment. Healthcare costs increased with the number of treatment changes observed; children and adolescents with treatment changes (i.e., 1, 2, or\u2009≥\u20093) incurred an incremental annual cost of up to $1,443 and $2,705, respectively, compared to those without a treatment change (p\u2009<\u20090.001). Costs were largely driven by outpatient visits.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Over a 12-month period, treatment changes were commonly observed and were associated with excess costs, highlighting the unmet treatment needs of children and adolescents with ADHD in the US.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34893038,Long-term effectiveness of behavioural intervention in preschool children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in Southeast China - a randomized controlled trial.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Behavioural intervention', 'Effectiveness', 'Mixed-effects linear model analyses', 'Randomized controlled trial']","['Xin-Xin Huang', 'Ping Ou', 'Qin-Fang Qian', 'Yan Huang']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most common behavioral disorder. Behavioural intervention in preschool children with ADHD is considered effective. This study discussed the long-term effectiveness of behavioural intervention in the context of nondrug therapy.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The study was a prospective, randomised controlled trial in which 201 preschoolers diagnosed with ADHD who were not receiving any treatment were assigned to two groups from January 2018 to May 2019, 101 were assigned to the conventional group and 100 to the behavioural intervention group. The behavioural intervention group included parental training, behavioural therapy, attention training, relief therapy and game therapy, in addition to the conventional group offerings. Children were evaluated at a baseline, at the end of the 12-month intervention and six months after the intervention. The primary and secondary outcome variables included attention time, the impulse-hyperactivity and hyperactivity index from Conners parent symptom questionnaire (PSQ), full-scale attention quotient (FAQ) and full-scale response control quotient (FRCQ) from integrated visual and auditory comprehensive continuous performance tests. The attention time was observed and recorded by parents, and others were performe(PSQ)d by physicians in the clinic. All statistical analyses were conducted using SPSS V26.0 (IBM), including the descriptive statistics and mixed-effects models and so on.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""The participants' mean age was (66.17±9.00) months in the behavioural group and (67.54±6.22) months in the conventional group .A total of 190 participants completed a follow-up six months after the intervention. The attention time, Conners parent symptom questionnaire (PSQ), full-scale attention quotient (FAQ) and full-scale response control quotient (FRCQ) increased significantly over time, and the behavioural group improvements were higher than those of conventional group. There was a significant main effect of time (pretest/posttest/follow-up) and group on all outcome measures (t\u200a=-12.549-4.069, p<0.05), and a significant interaction of time and group on attention time, impulsivity/hyperactivity, FAQ and FRCQ (t\u200a=-3.600-3.313, p<0.05)."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Behavioural intervention can effectively improve behaviour management and relieve symptoms in children with ADHD. These effects lasted at least six months. This study provides a promising approach for improving clinical efficacy with preschool children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34534624,Meta-analysis: Dose-Dependent Effects of Methylphenidate on Neurocognitive Functioning in Children With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['attention-deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'drug therapy']","['Karen Vertessen', 'Marjolein Luman', 'Anouck Staff', 'Pierre Bet', 'Ralph de Vries', 'Jos Twisk', 'Jaap Oosterlaan']","[StringElement('Neurocognitive deficits are at the heart of explanatory models of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and lead to significant impairments in daily life. Determining the dosing effects of methylphenidate (MPH) on a broad range of neurocognitive functions and investigating possible impairing effects of high doses is therefore important.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Placebo-controlled trials were included that investigated MPH dosing effects on neurocognitive functions in children and adolescents (aged 5-18 years) diagnosed with ADHD. Effect sizes (standardized mean differences [SMDs]) were calculated for different neurocognitive functions (baseline speed, variability in responding, nonexecutive memory and executive memory, inhibitory control, and cognitive flexibility) and, if available, for ADHD symptoms. Meta-regression analysis were used to investigate linear effects of dose (mg/kg/dose), and separate meta-analyses compared SMDs for 3 MPH dose ranges: low (0.10-0.30 mg/kg/dose), medium (0.31-0.60 mg/kg/dose), and high (0.61-1.00 mg/kg/dose).', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('A total of 31 studies fulfilled inclusion criteria, comprising 804 children with ADHD. Methylphenidate had beneficial effects on all neurocognitive functions (d\xa0= 0.20-0.73). Significant linear dosing effects were found for ADHD symptoms and lower-order neurocognitive functions (baseline speed, variability in responding, nonexecutive memory), with greater enhancement of functioning with increasing dose. No dosing effects were found for higher-order neurocognitive functions (executive memory, inhibitory control, and cognitive flexibility). No detrimental effects of MPH were found on any of the investigated functions.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Methylphenidate was superior to placebo in improving ADHD symptoms and a broad range of neurocognitive functions; however, effects sizes regarding the effects of dose vary substantially between functions. Our data highlight the importance of considering both neurocognitive and symptomatic aspects of ADHD in clinical practice.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35512574,Comorbid trichotillomania and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in adults.,"['ADHD', 'Comorbidity', 'Impulsivity', 'Stimulant medications', 'Trichotillomania']","['Eve K Chesivoir', 'Stephanie Valle', 'Jon E Grant']","[StringElement(""Individuals with trichotillomania (TTM), a disorder characterized by repetitive pulling out of one's own hair, often have co-occurring ADHD, but little is known about this comorbidity. Additionally, there have been intimations in the literature that treatment of ADHD with stimulants may worsen TTM symptoms. This study aims to examine clinical aspects of individuals with TTM and co-occurring ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('308 adults with a current diagnosis of TTM were assessed for ADHD using the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview 7.0.2 and Adult ADHD Self Report Scale. Participants also completed clinical measures related to TTM severity, impulsivity, quality of life, and psychosocial dysfunction. A series of analyses of variance were used to calculate differences in scale scores among subjects with and without co-occurring ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of the 308 participants, 47 (15.3%) met the clinical threshold for ADHD. Participants with ADHD reported significantly higher scores in all first and second factor traits of impulsivity, including attentional impulsiveness (p\xa0<\xa0.0001), motor impulsiveness (p\xa0<\xa0.0001), and non-planning impulsiveness (p\xa0<\xa0.0001). Interestingly, participants with ADHD did not report significant differences in TTM severity, perceived quality of life, or functional impairment, regardless of medication status.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""The data suggest that ADHD is common in adults with TTM, and the comorbidity is associated with heightened impulsivity. The co-occurrence of ADHD does not affect individuals' quality of life, symptom severity, or functionality. Taking stimulant medications for ADHD also did not appear to affect TTM severity, despite past case reports suggesting these medications may lead to onset or worsening of TTM."", attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION'})]"32316842,Sex and Emotion Regulation Difficulties Contribute to Depression in Young Adults With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'depression', 'emotion regulation', 'mental Health', 'mental and physical health', 'sex', 'young adults']","['Janelle Welkie', 'Dara E Babinski', 'Kristina A Neely']","['Many young adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are at risk for depression. Yet, questions remain about factors associated with the development of depression in young adults with ADHD. This study examined the effects of sex and emotion regulation difficulties on depression in a sample of young adults with (<i>n\u2009</i>=<i>\u2009</i>172) and without (<i>n\u2009</i>=<i>\u2009</i>730) ADHD. Two aspects of emotion regulation difficulties were examined-impairments in emotional insight (i.e., lack of emotional awareness, nonacceptance of emotion, and lack of emotional clarity) and impairments in behavioral response to emotion (i.e., impulse control difficulties, difficulties engaging in goal-directed behavior, and limited access to emotion regulation strategies). Significant correlations between ADHD and all indices of emotion regulation difficulty emerged. Sex moderated the association between ADHD and lack of emotional awareness, difficulties engaging in goal-directed behavior, and limited access to emotion regulation strategies. Specifically, ADHD was significantly associated with limited emotion regulation awareness for women but not men, while ADHD was associated with greater difficulties engaging in goal-directed behavior and limited access to emotion regulation strategies for women compared to men. These three areas of emotion regulation dysfunction simultaneously mediated the association between ADHD and depression. The findings indicate the importance of considering emotion regulation and sex in understanding depression in young adults with ADHD.']"31907092,Effects of the dopamine transporter gene on striatal functional connectivity in youths with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'dopamine transporter gene', 'functional connectivity', 'resting brain imaging', 'striatum', 'visual memory']","['Chi-Yung Shang', 'Hsiang-Yuan Lin', 'Susan Shur-Fen Gau']","[StringElement('The dopamine transporter gene (DAT1), striatal network dysfunction, and visual memory deficits have been consistently reported to be associated with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This study aimed to examine the effects of the DAT1 rs27048 (C)/rs429699 (T) haplotype on striatal functional connectivity and visual memory performance in youths with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('After excluding those who had excessive head motion, a total of 96 drug-naïve youths with ADHD and 114 typically developing (TD) youths were assessed with the resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging and the delayed matching to sample (DMS) task for visual memory. We examined the effects of ADHD, DAT1 CT haplotype, and the ADHD × CT haplotype interaction on the functional connectivity of five striatal seeds. We also correlated visual memory performance with the functional connectivity of striatal subregions, which showed significant diagnosis × genotype interactions.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Compared with TD youths, ADHD youths showed significant hypoconnectivity of the left dorsal caudate (DC) with bilateral sensorimotor clusters. Significant diagnosis × genotype interactions were found in the connectivity between the left DC and the right sensorimotor cluster, and between the right DC and the left dorsolateral prefrontal/bilateral anterior cingulate clusters. Furthermore, the connectivity of the left DC showing significant diagnosis × genotype interactions was associated with DMS performance in youths with ADHD who carried the DAT1 CT haplotype.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('A novel gene-brain-behavior association between the left DC functional connectivity and visual memory performance in ADHD youths with the DAT1 rs27048 (C)/rs429699 (T) haplotype suggests a differential effect of DAT1 genotype altering specific brain function causing neuropsychological dysfunction in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34827004,Assessment of the lamina cribrosa in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'lamina cribrosa thickness', 'methylphenidate']","['Serkan Akkaya', 'Döndü M Ulusoy', 'Hatice Doğan', 'Mahmut E Arslan']","[StringElement('The aim of this study was to determine the usefulness of the lamina cribrosa thickness (LCT) and lamina cribrosa depth (LCD) in adolescence with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and compare with those receiving methylphenidate (MPH) and healthy controls.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""Fifty-five children with ADHD (9.23 ± 1.92 years, mean ± standard deviation), 41 children with ADHD given MPH (9.24 ± 1.84 years), and 86 healthy controls (9.95 ± 2.16 years) were recruited for the study. All subjects were subjected to a complete eye exam and optical coherence tomography (OCT) was used to assess LCT and LCD. The severity of ADHD symptoms was evaluated by using parent-report measures, including Conners's Parent Rating Scale-Revised: Short Form (CPRS-R: S) and the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire: Parent Form (SDQ: P)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The study showed a significant finding between the research groups with regard to LCT. LCT was shown to be significantly increased in ADHD subjects given MPH compared with the controls. However, LCD was not significantly different between cohorts. Also, a significant inverse correlation was found between the SDQ: P-Emotional Problems Subscale and LCT (r = -0.253; P = 0.030) in ADHD patients.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Changes in lamina cribrosa (LC) in ADHD children receiving MPH suggest that the mechanism of action for MPH may target developing LC structures. More studies to define the relationship between MPH medications and the LC variations are defensible.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34560594,Association between adult attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and generalised joint hypermobility: A cross-sectional case control comparison.,"['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Biomarkers', 'Comorbidity', 'Ehlers-Danlos syndrome', 'Hypermobility', 'Joint instability']","['Martin Glans', 'Nils Thelin', 'Mats B Humble', 'Marie Elwin', 'Susanne Bejerot']","['Growing evidence suggests an unexpected association between generalised joint hypermobility (GJH) and several psychiatric conditions, and a shared pathophysiology has been proposed. No previous studies on adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are available. This study aimed to evaluate the association between adult ADHD and GJH. A total of 431 adults with ADHD and 417 non-ADHD controls were included in this cross-sectional comparative study. GJH was assessed by physical examination following the Beighton scoring system (BSS). Furthermore, musculoskeletal symptoms and skin abnormalities were queried to create a proxy for symptomatic GJH (e.g., Hypermobility spectrum disorders and Ehlers-Danlos syndrome) to differentiate this from non-specified GJH defined by BSS only. Logistic regression examined the influence of ADHD and candidate covariates (age, sex, ethnicity) on GJH and symptomatic GJH, respectively. ADHD was significantly associated with GJH, as defined by the BSS, with adjusted odds ratios of 4.7 (95% confidence interval [CI] 3.0-7.2, p\xa0<\xa0.005). Likewise, ADHD was significantly associated with symptomatic GJH, as defined by the BSS and additional symptoms, with adjusted odds ratios of 6.9 (CI 95% 4.1-11.9, p\xa0<\xa0.005). Our results suggest that GJH may represent a marker for an underlying systemic disorder involving both connective tissue and the central nervous system. GJH with additional musculoskeletal symptoms and/or skin abnormalities has a considerable stronger link to adult ADHD than non-specified GJH has, and may need awareness in ADHD management. Future studies should investigate the mechanisms behind this association and how comorbid GJH affects ADHD outcome.']"29137191,Maternal Iodine Intake and Offspring Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: Results from a Large Prospective Cohort Study.,"['ADHD', 'MoBa', 'Norwegian Patient Registry', 'Norwegian mother and child cohort study', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'dietary supplements', 'iodine', 'neurodevelopment', 'pregnancy']","['Marianne Hope Abel', 'Eivind Ystrom', 'Ida Henriette Caspersen', 'Helle Margrete Meltzer', 'Heidi Aase', 'Liv Elin Torheim', 'Ragna Bugge Askeland', 'Ted Reichborn-Kjennerud', 'Anne Lise Brantsæter']","['Current knowledge about the relationship between mild to moderately inadequate maternal iodine intake and/or supplemental iodine on child neurodevelopment is sparse. Using information from 77,164 mother-child pairs in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study, this study explored associations between maternal iodine intake and child attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) diagnosis, registered in the Norwegian Patient Registry and maternally-reported child ADHD symptoms at eight years of age. Pregnant women reported food and supplement intakes by questionnaire in gestational week 22. In total, 1725 children (2.2%) were diagnosed with ADHD. In non-users of supplemental iodine (53,360 mothers), we found no association between iodine intake from food and risk of child ADHD diagnosis (<i>p</i> = 0.89), while low iodine from food (<200 µg/day) was associated with higher child ADHD symptom scores (adjusted difference in score up to 0.08 standard deviation (SD), <i>p</i> < 0.001, <i>n</i> = 19,086). In the total sample, we found no evidence of beneficial effects of maternal use of iodine-containing supplements (<i>n</i> = 23,804) on child ADHD diagnosis or symptom score. Initiation of iodine supplement use in gestational weeks 0-12 was associated with an increased risk of child ADHD (both measures). In conclusion, insufficient maternal iodine intake was associated with increased child ADHD symptom scores at eight years of age, but not with ADHD diagnosis. No reduction of risk was associated with maternal iodine supplement use.']"31964678,FACT: a randomised controlled trial to assess the feasibility of QbTest in the assessment process of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) for young people in prison-a feasibility trial protocol.,"['child & adolescent psychiatry', 'clinical trials', 'forensic psychiatry', 'qualitative research']","['Charlotte Lennox', 'Charlotte Lucy Hall', 'Lesley-Anne Carter', 'Bryony Beresford', 'Susan Young', 'Abdullah Kraam', 'Nikki Brown', 'Lloyd Wilkinson-Cunningham', 'Mindy Reeves', 'Prathiba Chitsabesan']","[StringElement('The prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) within the Children and Young People Secure Estate (CYPSE) is much higher than seen in the general population. To make a diagnosis of ADHD, clinicians draw on information from multiple sources, including parents and teachers. However, obtaining these is particularly difficult for young people in the secure estate. There is increasing evidence in the community that QbTest is able to assist in the accurate and earlier diagnosis of ADHD. The objective of this study is to assess the feasibility and acceptability of QbTest in the assessment of ADHD within the CYPSE.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('A single-centre parallel group feasibility randomised controlled trial will be conducted. Sixty young people within the CYPSE identified as displaying possible symptoms of ADHD will be randomised to the intervention arm (n=30; QbTest plus usual care) or control arm (n=30; usual care). Primary analyses will be descriptive and a process evaluation will be conducted to assess the contexts involved in implementing the intervention. Interviews will be conducted to explore acceptability and thematic analysis will be used to analyse the data.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS AND ANALYSIS'}), StringElement('This study was approved by National Health Service Wales research ethics committee 3 (18/WA/0347) on 15 February 2019. The findings will be published in peer-reviewed journals, presented at relevant conferences and disseminated to the public via summaries cocreated with our patient and public involvement group.', attributes={'Label': 'ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION'}), StringElement('ISRCTN17402196.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER'})]"30374709,The positive aspects of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a qualitative investigation of successful adults with ADHD.,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Flourishing', 'High-functioning', 'Positive aspects', 'Positive attributes']","['Jane Ann Sedgwick', 'Andrew Merwood', 'Philip Asherson']","['The behavioural characteristics of ADHD do not exist in binary form (i.e. normal vs. abnormal); instead, they exist on a spectrum or continuum. This implies that some aspects of ADHD can be adaptive rather than impairing, or some adults may possess certain strengths or attributes that mediate and/or compensate for their ADHD-related deficits or impairments. More research is needed to clarify these observations. To explore and describe positive aspects of ADHD from the perspective of successful adults with ADHD. A phenomenological approach with open-ended interviews was used to collect data. The interviews were audio taped, transcribed verbatim and analysed using thematic content analysis. Six core themes (cognitive dynamism, courage, energy, humanity, resilience and transcendence) defined by 19 sub-themes were found. These themes were compared against attributes catalogued in the character strengths and virtues (CSV) handbook and classification for positive psychology. Two core themes (cognitive dynamism and energy) were not listed as virtues in the CSV, and neither were six sub-themes (divergent thinking, hyper-focus, nonconformist, adventurousness, self-acceptance and sublimation) listed as behavioural traits. We propose these constructs as positive aspects specific to ADHD, and the other constructs, as positive aspects relevant to people in general, with or without ADHD. This study offers insights into positive human qualities, attributes or aspects of ADHD that can support and sustain high functioning and flourishing in ADHD life. This study also addresses the question in the disability research about ""how we might reconsider the behaviours associated with ADHD so that they are seen as valuable and worthy of conservation?"".']"30738099,"Prediction of causal genes and gene expression analysis of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in the different brain region, a comprehensive integrative analysis of ADHD.","['ADHD', 'Causal gene expression', 'GWAS', 'Integration analysis', 'Protein-protein interaction network', 'eQTL']","['Aamir Fahira', 'Zhiqiang Li', 'Ning Liu', 'Yongyong Shi']","['Recent genome-wide association study (GWAS) identified 12 independent loci for Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, the causal genes expression and pathways of ADHD is still vague. We integrated GWAS, eQTL and genes expression data to find the causal genes, genes expression, and genes prioritization in the different brain tissues and whole blood cells. Overall 47 genes were prioritized, the most promising genes were LSG1, HYAL3, PIDD, PNPLA2, BLOC1S2, PLK1S1, CALN1, KAT2B, CTNNB1 and WDR11. Whereas, the CALN1, KAT2B, and WDR11 were previously associated with schizophrenia (SZ), bipolar (BP) and drug abuse. Gene ontology analysis shows that the glutamate receptor signaling pathway (P\u2009=\u20098.009E-07, with false discovery rate (FDR) < 5%), GRIK5 sub network (P\u2009=\u20092.887E-06, FDR\u2009<\u20095%), abnormal gait (P\u2009=\u20093.657E-06, FDR\u2009<\u20095%), REACTOME_SIGNALING_BY_ERBB2 (P\u2009=\u20095.161E-06, FDR\u2009<\u20095%), and abnormal nervous system physiology (P\u2009=\u20095.239E-06, FDR\u2009<\u20095%) were associated with ADHD. These causal genes were highly expressed in Fetal Astrocytes, Neurons, and Microglia/Macrophage. This study illustrates the comprehensive GWAS integrative approach of ADHD. However, further genetic and functional studies are required to validate the role of these genes in the etiology of ADHD, which should provide novel insights into the understanding of this disease.']"34303786,Micronutrients for Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Youths: A Placebo-Controlled Randomized Clinical Trial.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'dysregulated mood', 'irritability', 'micronutrients']","['Jeanette M Johnstone', 'Irene Hatsu', 'Gabriella Tost', 'Priya Srikanth', 'Leanna P Eiterman', 'Alisha M Bruton', 'Hayleigh K Ast', 'Lisa M Robinette', 'Madeline M Stern', 'Elizabeth G Millington', 'Barbara L Gracious', 'Andrew J Hughes', 'Brenda M Y Leung', 'L Eugene Arnold']","[StringElement('To evaluate whether micronutrients (vitamins/minerals) benefit attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and irritability in a North American pediatric sample.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A 3-site, 8-week, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial of micronutrients was conducted in nonmedicated children aged 6 to 12 years with ADHD and at least 1 impairing irritability symptom by parent report on the Child and Adolescent Symptom Inventory-5 (CASI-5). A priori-defined primary outcomes were Clinical Global Impression-Improvement (CGI-I) (CGI-I of 1 or 2\xa0= treatment responder) and parent-rated CASI-5 composite score of ADHD, oppositional defiant, disruptive mood dysregulation, and peer conflict symptoms, including impairment scores.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Of 135 randomized (mean age 9.8 years), 126 youths (93%) comprised the modified intention-to-treat population. Blinding was maintained. For the CGI-I, 54% of the micronutrient and 18% of the placebo group were responders (risk ratio\xa0= 2.97, 97.5% CI\xa0= 1.50, 5.90, p\xa0< .001). CASI-5 composite scores improved significantly for both groups (p\xa0< .01), with a mean change of\xa0-0.31 (95% CI\xa0=\xa0-0.39,\xa0-0.23) in the micronutrient group and a mean change of\xa0-0.28 (95% CI\xa0=\xa0-0.38,\xa0-0.19) in the placebo group. However, the between-group difference was not significant (mean change\xa0=\xa0-0.02; 97.5% CI\xa0=\xa0-0.16, 0.12, effect size\xa0= 0.07, p\xa0= .70). The micronutrient group grew 6\xa0mm more than the placebo group (p\xa0= .002). No serious adverse events or clinically significant changes from baseline in blood and urine tests occurred.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Micronutrients showed global benefit over placebo by blinded clinician rating, but not by parent-report CASI-5 composite rating in a population with ADHD and irritability. Micronutrients showed greater height growth. Micronutrients were well tolerated, and the majority of participants adhered to the number of capsules prescribed. This randomized controlled trial replicates safety and efficacy reported for ADHD in 2 smaller trials of a similar formula containing all vitamins and known essential minerals in amounts between the Recommended Dietary Allowance and Upper Tolerable Intake Level.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'}), StringElement('Micronutrients for ADHD in Youth (MADDY) Study; https://clinicaltrials.gov; NCT03252522.', attributes={'Label': 'CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION INFORMATION'})]"30583940,Altered hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis function: A relevant factor in the comorbidity of atopic eczema and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder?,"['Atopic eczema', 'Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Cortisol', 'Hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis', 'Stress']","['A Buske-Kirschbaum', 'K Trikojat', 'F Tesch', 'J Schmitt', 'V Roessner', 'H Luksch', 'A Rösen-Wolff', 'F Plessow']","['Epidemiological data show a significant association between childhood atopic eczema (AE) and an increased risk to develop attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, the underlying mechanisms of the comorbidity of AE and ADHD are mostly unknown. We investigated whether alterations of hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis function represent a shared feature of AE and ADHD potentiating AE-ADHD comorbidity. Children aged 6-12 years with AE, ADHD, or comorbid AE\u2009+\u2009ADHD and healthy control (HC) children were examined cross-sectionally (N\u2009=\u2009145). To evaluate HPA axis function, salivary cortisol in response to psychosocial stress (Trier Social Stress Test for Children, TSST-C), after awakening (cortisol awakening response, CAR), and throughout the day (short diurnal profile) and hair cortisol capturing long-term HPA axis activity were assessed. Quantile regression analyses showed an attenuated cortisol response (% maximum change) to the TSST-C in children with ADHD compared to HC. A diminished cortisol response to acute stress was also observed in the comorbid AE\u2009+\u2009ADHD group, in which the reduction was numerically even more pronounced. Contrary to our previous findings, no alteration of the cortisol response to the TSST-C was observed in children with AE. However, in children with AE, increased ADHD-like behavior (i.e., inattention, impulsivity, and overall ADHD symptom severity) was associated with a reduced HPA axis response to acute stress. No such associations were observed in children without AE. Groups did not differ in CAR, short diurnal profile, and hair cortisol. These findings underscore the potential relevance of HPA axis function in the pathophysiology of AE and ADHD with emphasis on stress reactivity. Additional studies are required to further explore the separate and joint role of the HPA axis in the pathophysiology of AE and ADHD.']"35638119,The associations of insomnia symptoms with daytime behavior and cognitive functioning in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'children', 'cognitive functioning', 'daytime behavior', 'insomnia', 'sleep']","['Xiao Li', 'Ka Sin Caroline Shea', 'Waiyan Vivian Chiu', 'Fanny Lok Fan Lau', 'Ching Kwong Dino Wong', 'Wai Man Mandy Yu', 'Albert Martin Li', 'Yun Kwok Wing', 'Yee Ching Kelly Lai', 'Shirley Xin Li']","[StringElement('The current study aimed to examine the association of insomnia symptoms with daytime behavior and cognitive functioning in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'STUDY OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement(""Thirty-six children with ADHD and insomnia symptoms, 27 children with ADHD without insomnia symptoms, and 21 age-matched healthy controls were recruited in this study (age range: 6-12 years, 70% male). They were assessed by parent-report questionnaires on insomnia symptoms (Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire) and ADHD symptoms (Strengths and Weaknesses of ADHD Symptoms and Normal Behavior Scale [SWAN]), and completed a battery of cognitive tests including the Continuous Performance Test (CPT) for sustained attention, Letter-digit test for processing speed, Digit Span forward test and <i>N</i>-back task for working memory, Tower of London (TOL) test for planning skills and Bergs Card Sorting Test (BCST) for set-shifting ability."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children with ADHD and insomnia symptoms had the highest scores on SWAN total and inattention and hyperactivity subscales, followed by children with ADHD without insomnia and healthy controls (all <i>P</i> < .05). After controlling for potential confounders, children with ADHD and insomnia symptoms showed poorer performance on the CPT and Letter-digit test as compared with children with ADHD without insomnia and healthy controls (all <i>P</i> < .05).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Insomnia symptoms are associated with more severe ADHD symptoms and cognitive impairments in children with ADHD, especially deficits in sustained attention and processing speed. Future longitudinal studies are needed to explore the long-term impacts of insomnia symptoms and the effects of sleep-focused intervention on cognitive functioning in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('Li X, Shea KSC, Chiu WV, et\xa0al. The associations of insomnia symptoms with daytime behavior and cognitive functioning in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. <i>J Clin Sleep Med</i>. 2022;18(8):2029-2039.', attributes={'Label': 'CITATION'})]"33428822,Association of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder with diabetes mellitus in US adults.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'diabetes', 'epidemiology', '注意缺陷/多动症', '流行病学', '糖尿病']","['Guifeng Xu', 'Buyun Liu', 'Wenhan Yang', 'Linda G Snetselaar', 'Jin Jing']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a childhood-onset neurodevelopmental disorder that usually persists into adulthood. However, limited evidence is available regarding its influence on adult health outcomes beyond neuropsychiatric comorbidities. This study aimed to examine the association of ADHD with diabetes in US adults.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We analyzed data from the National Health Interview Survey (NHIS), a leading health survey of a nationally representative sample in the United States. We included adults aged 20-79\u2009years who participated in the NHIS 2007 and 2012. Physician-diagnosed ADHD and diabetes were reported during an in-person household interview. Logistic regression with survey sampling weights was used to estimate the odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) of diabetes.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('This analysis included 52\u2009821 adults (weighted mean age 45.5\u2009years; 48.6% males). Among them, 1642 participants reported a diagnosis of ADHD and 4631 reported a diagnosis of diabetes. In the multivariable analysis adjusting for age, sex, race/ethnicity, education level, family income level, smoking, alcohol drinking, physical activity, and body mass index, the OR of diabetes among adults with ADHD vs those without ADHD was 1.54 (95% CI, 1.16-2.04). In the stratified analyses, the significant association of ADHD with diabetes remained in most strata, and the associations were not significantly modified by age, sex, race/ethnicity, or obesity status.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In a nationally representative sample of US adults, we found a significant association between a history of ADHD diagnosis and diabetes.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34089269,"Attentional networks, vigilance, and distraction as a function of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms in an adult community sample.","['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'attentional networks', 'distraction', 'measurement', 'vigilance']","['Tao Coll-Martín', 'Hugo Carretero-Dios', 'Juan Lupiáñez']","['Attentional difficulties are a core axis in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, establishing a consistent and detailed pattern of these neurocognitive alterations has not been an easy endeavour. Based on a dimensional approach to ADHD, the present study aims at comprehensively characterizing three key attentional domains: the three attentional networks (alerting, orienting, and executive attention), two components of vigilance (executive and arousal vigilance), and distraction. To do so, we modified a single, fine-grained task (the ANTI-Vea) by adding irrelevant distractors. One hundred and twenty undergraduates completed three self-reports of ADHD symptoms in childhood and adulthood and performed the ANTI-Vea. Despite the low reliability of some ANTI-Vea indexes, the task worked successfully. While ADHD symptoms in childhood were related to alerting network and arousal vigilance, symptoms in adulthood were linked to executive vigilance. No association between ADHD symptom severity and executive attention and distraction was found. In general, our hypotheses about the relationships between ADHD symptoms and attentional processes were partially supported. We discuss our findings according to ADHD theories and attention measurement.']"33988951,High Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Scale Scores Among Patients with Persistent Chronic Nonspecific Low Back Pain.,"[' Conners’ Adult ADHD Rating Scales (CAARS)', ' Numeric Rating Scale', ' chronic nonspecific low back pain', ' chronic pain', ' neurodevelopmental disorders', ' pain clinic', ' pain duration', ' somatic symptom disorder \n', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder']","['Satoshi Kasahara', 'Shin-Ichi Niwa', 'Ko Matsudaira', 'Naoko Sato', 'Hiroyuki Oka', 'Tomoko Fujii', 'Shin-Ichi Konno', 'Shin-Ichi Kikuchi', 'Yoshitsugu Yamada']","[StringElement('Associations between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and chronic pain disorders, such as fibromyalgia, have been reported. However, associations between persistent chronic nonspecific low back pain (CNLBP) and ADHD have not yet been investigated.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This study aimed to investigate the positive rates of possible ADHD, as assessed by self-reported ADHD scales, in patients with persistent CNLBP, using data from self-reported questionnaires completed by patients and their families. This study also aimed to compare the self-reported scores obtained from existing standardized data for healthy individuals, and to examine whether the ADHD scale scores of patients with persistent CNLBP are associated with pain variables.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('Cross-sectional study.', attributes={'Label': 'STUDY DESIGN'}), StringElement('The specialized pain clinic at our university hospital.', attributes={'Label': 'SETTING'}), StringElement(""This cross-sectional study included 60 consecutive patients with persistent CNLBP who were diagnosed with a possible somatic symptom disorder and were referred to a psychiatrist in our pain clinic. The Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scales (CAARS) self-report (CAARS-S) and observer-rated (CAARS-O) questionnaires were utilized. We investigated the CAARS scores, and the association between the CAARS subscale scores and pain variables (pain duration and pain Numeric Rating Scale) in patients with persistent CNLBP."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of the 60 patients, 19 (31.7%) were positive on both CAARS-S and CAARS-O questionnaires (T-score > 65). The ADHD indices, which comprised subscales of the CAARS estimating the necessity of treatment for ADHD, were significantly higher in both male and female patients with persistent CNLBP than in the Japanese standardized sample (P < 0.005). CAARS-S hyperactivity/restlessness, CAARS-O hyperactivity/restlessness, and the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, fourth edition hyperactive-impulsive symptom subscale scores also correlated with the pain intensity (P < 0.05).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In this study, ADHD tendency was evaluated using only a self-reported questionnaire. Hence in the future, accurate and precise assessments of ADHD symptoms using structured clinical interviews conducted by ADHD experts are warranted. Additionally, the study only included patients with persistent CNLBP. Therefore in the future, it will be valuable to investigate ADHD scale scores (e.g., CAARS) among patients with CNLBP and nonspecific low back pain with larger sample sizes.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('Our findings revealed that the subscale scores on an ADHD scale were considerably high in patients with persistent CNLBP. As a previous study of our clinical experience indicates that persistent CNLBP can be substantially relieved by administering ADHD medications, ADHD screening is warranted in the treatment of persistent CNLBP.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30851480,Sustained attention in sensory modulation disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Aversive auditory stimuli', 'Continuous performance task', 'Sensory modulation disorder (SMD)', 'Sustained attention']","['Tal Mazor-Karsenty', 'Shula Parush', 'Lilach Shalev']","[StringElement('There are high comorbidity rates between sensory modulation disorder (SMD) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Knowledge regarding the objective neuropsychological differentiation between them is scarce.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This study examines the effects of SMD and ADHD on a sustained attention task with and without aversive auditory conditions.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Sixty six young adult females were tested on the Conjunctive - Continuous Performance Task-Visual (CCPT-V) measuring sustained attention, under two conditions: 1) aversive condition (with the three most aversive sounds chosen by the participant), and 2) non-aversive condition (without sounds).', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Both the SMD and ADHD factors exhibited performance deficits in the sustained attention task. All study participants performed worse on both sustained attention and speed of processing when aversive sounds were present.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We conclude that impaired sustained attention cannot differentiate between SMD and ADHD. Hence, these results should be taken under consideration in the assessment process of ADHD vs. SMD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32583074,Prenatal inflammation does not increase the risk for symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in offspring.,[],"['Jandeh Jallow', 'Anu-Helmi Halt', 'Hanna Öhman', 'Tuula Hurtig']",30084523,Identification of neurophysiological biotypes in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['attention', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'inhibition', 'state regulation', 'working memory']","['Beatrix Barth', 'Kerstin Mayer-Carius', 'Ute Strehl', 'Augustin Kelava', 'Florian Benedikt Häußinger', 'Andreas Jochen Fallgatter', 'Ann-Christine Ehlis']","[StringElement('Findings on neurophysiological alterations in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have been proposed to underlie ADHD symptoms, with different etiological pathways for different patient biotypes. We aimed at determining whether neurophysiological deviations confirm distinct neurophysiological profiles in ADHD, thus providing direct evidence for the endophenotype concept.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Neurophysiological biotypes were investigated in 87 adult patients with ADHD using cluster analysis. Parameters fed into the analysis comprised both hemodynamic and electrophysiological data. To validate results, the independent variables of the clusters were compared with healthy controls.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Cluster analysis yielded three neurophysiologically based ADHD biotypes showing: (i) above-average functioning in attention allocation; (ii) difficulties in attention allocation and inhibitory control but elevated frontal activation during a working memory task; and (iii) functional impairments in state regulation.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Classifying patients with ADHD into neurophysiological biotypes sheds light on etiological pathways, with implications for diagnostics and (individualized) treatment options.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35196572,A comparative review of the psychophysiology of attention in children with and without attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Early versus late selection', 'Event-related oscillations', 'Event-related potentials', 'Gamma-band response', 'Resting electroencephalogram', 'Typically developing children']",['Sirel Karakaş'],"['The present review focuses on the development of attention as indexed in the electrical activity of the brain under a systematic framework of attention-related paradigms and experimental tasks in typically developing children (TDC). The framework is organized according to the filter and selective-set paradigms of attention research and experimental tasks that these models commonly use. The first part of the review discusses age-variant changes in the event-related potentials (ERPs) of TDC. Age affects the parameters of the various attention-related components (latencies and amplitudes) independently and differentially. The changes are mainly in the form of decreasing latencies, showing that aging increases the speed and efficiency of attentional processing. High task difficulty and cognitive load produce a shift in TDC from early selection, which involves a perceptual analysis, to late selection, which involves target detection. The second part of the review discusses attentional processing in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Relative to TDC, ERP differences in ADHD are mainly represented in component amplitudes, which normally vary according to task difficulty and cognitive load. The literature permits a review of the differences between children with ADHD and age-matched TDC in not only ERPs but also in resting electroencephalogram (EEG) and event-related oscillations (EROs). Some of the differences between children with ADHD and TDC are quantitative and in the form of maturational lag, while others are qualitative and in the form of maturational deviance. The early gamma-band response (GBR) appears to be a significant biomarker of ADHD. The match-and-utilization model, which delineates the pervasive role that early GBR plays in the bottom-up and top-down processes of attention, applies to ADHD. The integrative approach of the present review reveals the gaps in the relevant literature and suggests directions for future studies by way of which a comprehensive understanding of ADHD may be possible.']"33929143,The study of Tau and phospho Tau protein levels in attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder,"['Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder', 'Tau', 'phospho Tau']","['Hatice Saraçoğlu', 'Eser Kılıç', 'Esra Demirci']","[StringElement('Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a widespread neurodevelopmental disorder that begins in childhood and has negative consequences throughout adult life. The etiology and pathogenesis of ADHD are still unclear. Tau protein is a soluble microtubule-related protein expressed by neurons and localized in the cytoplasm as well as axons. Tau protein provides stability of microtubule in two ways: phosphorylation and isoforms. The excessive phosphorylation of Tau separates the protein from the microtubule, thus making it unstable. In this study, we aimed to investigate whether there is a relationship between serum Tau protein and phospho Tau (p-Tau181) levels and ADHD occurrence.', attributes={'Label': 'Background/aim'}), StringElement('This study included 26 male children aged 7–12 years with newly diagnosed ADHD, who had previously not used any medication for ADHD, and 26 male healthy children. Serum Tau and p-Tau181 concentrations were performed by enzyme- linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA).', attributes={'Label': 'Materials and methods'}), StringElement('In patients, the Tau levels were not significantly different from those of the controls; the p-Tau181 levels were significantly higher than those of the controls.', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('We concluded that high p-Tau181 might be associated with the progression of ADHD and cognitive changes in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusion'})]"35758954,[Emotional and behavioral dysregulation in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder].,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'cognitive control', 'cortexin', 'emotional disorders']","['L S Chutko', 'E A Yakovenko', 'S Yu Surushkina', 'T I Anisimova', 'A V Sergeev', 'M D Didur', 'D V Cherednichenko']","[StringElement('To study disorders of emotional regulation in different types of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""58 children suffering from ADHD, aged 12 to 15 years were divided into 2 subgroups (38 children with a combined form of ADHD and 20 children with ADHD with a predominance of inattention). The control group consisted of 30 children without manifestations of neuropsychiatric disorders. The following research methods were used in the work: the SNAP-IY scale to assess the severity of the disease; the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SCT), a form for parents to assess emotional and behavioral impairments; Spielberger's self-assessment test in the processing of Khanin to assess the level of anxiety; spectral analysis of the EEG with the construction of graphical power spectra and registration of evoked potentials (EP) with the performance of an attention test in the Go/No-Go paradigm."", attributes={'Label': 'MATERIAL AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The results of the study showed the presence of emotional and behavioral disorders in children with ADHD, more pronounced in the combined form of the disease. Complaints of emotional lability, tearfulness, irritability were noted in 53 children with ADHD in the study group (61.6%). At the same time, these complaints were registered in 39 children from the first group (72.2%) and 14 children from the second group (43.8%). The level of inattention was approximately the same (3.21±0.64 and 3.43±0.56, respectively), while the level of hyperactivity and impulsivity in adolescents from the first group was significantly higher (3.18±0.54, <i>p</i><0.01). Indicators of the SCT scale, as a total indicator (3.4±1.6, <i>p</i><0.01), and on the scales of «behavior problems» (7.4±1.6, <i>p</i><0.01), «emotional problems» (8.0±1.6, <i>p</i><0.01), «problems with peers» (7.6±1.3, <i>p</i><0.01), «prosocial behavior» (3.4±1.6, <i>p</i><0.01) were significantly higher in the subgroup of children from the first group. The performed statistical analysis of the test data for attention in the Go/No-Go paradigm revealed significant differences (<i>p</i><0.01) in the number of omissions of significant pairs of stimuli between healthy children and a subgroup with ADHD with a predominance of inattention, between healthy children and a subgroup with combined form ADHD. When comparing evoked EEG synchronization in the theta range under Go conditions, we found a significant decrease in this parameter in the range of 200-400 ms in the subgroup of children with ADHD with a predominance of inattention and in the subgroup of ADHD with a combined form; under No-Go conditions, a significant decrease in the magnitude of evoked EEG synchronization was revealed in a subgroup of children with combined form ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In general, the results of this study allow us to conclude that impaired cognitive control has a large impact on the development of emotional disorders in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30610198,Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and lifetime cannabis use: genetic overlap and causality.,[],"['María Soler Artigas', 'Cristina Sánchez-Mora', 'Paula Rovira', 'Vanesa Richarte', 'Iris Garcia-Martínez', 'Mireia Pagerols', 'Ditte Demontis', 'Sven Stringer', 'Jacqueline M Vink', 'Anders D Børglum', 'Benjamin M Neale', 'Barbara Franke', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Miguel Casas', 'Josep Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'Marta Ribasés']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a severely impairing neurodevelopmental disorder with a prevalence of 5% in children and adolescents and of 2.5% in adults. Comorbid conditions in ADHD play a key role in symptom progression, disorder course and outcome. ADHD is associated with a significantly increased risk for substance use, abuse and dependence. ADHD and cannabis use are partly determined by genetic factors; the heritability of ADHD is estimated at 70-80% and of cannabis use initiation at 40-48%. In this study, we used summary statistics from the largest available meta-analyses of genome-wide association studies (GWAS) of ADHD (n\u2009=\u200953,293) and lifetime cannabis use (n\u2009=\u200932,330) to gain insights into the genetic overlap and causal relationship of these two traits. We estimated their genetic correlation to be r<sup>2</sup>\u2009=\u20090.29 (P\u2009=\u20091.63\u2009×\u200910<sup>-5</sup>) and identified four new genome-wide significant loci in a cross-trait analysis: two in a single variant association analysis (rs145108385, P\u2009=\u20093.30\u2009×\u200910<sup>-8</sup> and rs4259397, P\u2009=\u20094.52\u2009×\u200910<sup>-8</sup>) and two in a gene-based association analysis (WDPCP, P\u2009=\u20099.67\u2009×\u200910<sup>-7</sup> and ZNF251, P\u2009=\u20091.62\u2009×\u200910<sup>-6</sup>). Using a two-sample Mendelian randomization approach we found support that ADHD is causal for lifetime cannabis use, with an odds ratio of 7.9 for cannabis use in individuals with ADHD in comparison to individuals without ADHD (95% CI (3.72, 15.51), P\u2009=\u20095.88\u2009×\u200910<sup>-5</sup>). These results substantiate the temporal relationship between ADHD and future cannabis use and reinforce the need to consider substance misuse in the context of ADHD in clinical interventions.']"32697687,A systematic review of transcranial direct current stimulation effects in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Inhibitory control', 'Prefrontal cortex', 'Transcranial direct current stimulation', 'Working memory']","['Camila Cosmo', 'Melany DiBiasi', 'Vania Lima', 'Luanda Collange Grecco', 'Mauro Muszkat', 'Noah S Philip', 'Eduardo Pondé de Sena']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) stands out as the most prevalent neurodevelopmental disorder of childhood, with global prevalence ranging from 3.4% to 7•2%. Its cognitive symptoms result from the combination of complex etiological processes encompassing genetic and environmental components. Available therapeutic approaches are associated with significant challenges such as modest efficacy or side effects. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a promising tool for enhancing cognitive performance in neuropsychiatric disorders. Trials investigating its applicability in ADHD have showed propitious, however, still preliminary findings.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We performed a systemic review by searching on Medline, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, ScienceDirect and Embase using the descriptors: ""attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder"" or ""ADHD""; and ""transcranial direct current stimulation"" or ""tDCS""; following PRISMA guidelines.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 383 articles were identified. After removing duplicates, 45 studies were assessed for eligibility, and after careful review, 11 manuscripts applying tDCS in ADHD were included. Significant improvements in attention, inhibitory control and working memory were reported, in addition to increased brain connectivity following use of active tDCS.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The main limitation was the small number of trials investigating use of tDCS in ADHD. Study methods and outcome measures were quite variable, and generally did not include long-term follow-up.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('Although the extent literature indicates promising findings, the available data remains highly preliminary. Further trials evaluating the efficacy of tDCS for ADHD, with longer follow-up, are necessary. These studies will be needed to determine the optimal protocol for clinical efficacy.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35751076,Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in adults who present with self-harm: a comparative 6-month follow-up study.,"['ADHD', 'Adults', 'Attempt', 'Suicide']","['Petter Olsson', 'Stefan Wiktorsson', 'Lotta M J Strömsten', 'Ellinor Salander Renberg', 'Bo Runeson', 'Margda Waern']","[StringElement('ADHD is common in psychiatric populations. This study aimed to compare clinical characteristics in adults with and without ADHD who presented with self-harm, and to compare later risk of suicidal behaviour within 6\u2009months.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Eight hundred four adults presented with self-harm (with and without suicidal intent) at psychiatric emergency services at three Swedish hospitals. Persons with a discharge ICD-10 diagnosis F90.0-F90.9 or a prescription for ADHD medication were considered to have ADHD (n\u2009=\u200993). Medical records were reviewed for evidence of subsequent suicide attempts (SA) within 6\u2009months; suicides were identified by national register.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Recent relationship problems were more prevalent in the ADHD group. While the index episodes of those with ADHD were more often non-suicidal, and actual SAs more often rated as impulsive, medical lethality at presentation did not differ in attempters with and without ADHD. Subsequent SAs (fatal or non-fatal) were observed in 29% of the ADHD group and 20% in all others (P\u2009=\xa0.005). A logistic regression model showed elevated risk of suicidal behaviour during follow-up in the ADHD group (OR\u2009=\u20091.70, CI 1.05-2.76), although a final regression model suggested that this association was partly explained by age and comorbid emotionally unstable personality disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Findings highlight the need for clinicians to take self-harm seriously in adults with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31805468,Comparison of the K-WISC-IV profiles of boys with autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Autism spectrum disorder (ASD)', 'Cognitive profile', 'Intelligence', 'WISC-IV']","['Hyunmi Kim', 'Dong-Ho Song']","[StringElement('This study aimed to compare the intelligence profiles of children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) using the Korean Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children-Fourth Edition (K-WISC-IV) scores to differentiate between their cognitive characteristics.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Subjects were boys with ASD (n = 49) and ADHD (n = 44). The index and subtest scores of the ASD and ADHD groups were compared using MANOVA. Repeated-measures ANOVA was performed to investigate the cognitive strengths and weaknesses within the ASD and ADHD groups.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Verbal comprehension was significantly lower in the ASD group compared to the ADHD group. The ASD group also scored lower than the ADHD group on Vocabulary, Comprehension, Picture Concepts, Picture Completion, and Symbol Search. The ADHD group scored lower than the ASD group on Digit Span. The ASD group displayed slower processing speed and social judgment, while the ADHD group exhibited poor working memory and graphomotor processing.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The WISC-IV profiles might help distinguishing between the cognitive characteristics of ASD and ADHD boys.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34427164,Treatment patterns among adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in the United States: a retrospective claims study.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'adult', 'healthcare costs', 'real world', 'treatment patterns']","['Jeff Schein', 'Ann Childress', 'Julie Adams', 'Martin Cloutier', 'Patrick Gagnon-Sanschagrin', 'Jessica Maitland', 'Rebecca Bungay', 'Annie Guérin', 'Patrick Lefebvre']","[StringElement('To assess treatment patterns in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and associated healthcare costs in a real-world US setting.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Claims data from the IBM MarketScan Commercial Subset (Q1/2014-Q4/2018) was used to identify adults diagnosed with ADHD who newly initiated on ADHD treatment (index date). Treatment sequences were defined using an algorithm; for each sequence, the regimen comprised all ADHD-related agents observed within 30\u2009d of the first agent during the 12-month study period. Treatment changes included discontinuation, switch, add-on, and drop. Treatment characteristics were described for the first treatment regimen observed. Total adjusted annual healthcare costs were compared between patients with no treatment change and patients with 1, 2, and ≥3 treatment changes.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Among 122,881 adults with ADHD, the majority initiated a stimulant (95.1%) as their first treatment regimen observed; 9.3% of patients initiated combination therapy of ≥2 ADHD-related agents, and 34.9% of patients had psychotherapy. After an average first treatment regimen duration of 7.1 months, 50.2% of patients experienced a treatment change (22.5% discontinued, 17.5% switched, 5.3% had an add-on, and 4.6% had a treatment drop). Among those who discontinued, 44.8% did so within the first month of initiation. Mean annual healthcare costs were higher among patients with at least 1 treatment change compared to those with no treatment changes; excess costs increased with each additional treatment change.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Treatment changes were commonly observed and were associated with excess healthcare cost, emphasizing the unmet treatment needs of adults with ADHD in the US.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32787596,Elevated neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio in children and adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'inflammation', 'neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio', 'platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio']","['Arif Önder', 'Özge Gizli Çoban', 'Aslı Sürer Adanır']","[StringElement('Inflammation is reported to play a substantial role in the pathophysiology of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Neutrophil/lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and platelet/lymphocyte ratio (PLR) are inexpensive and potentially interesting biomarkers of inflammation. In this cross-sectional and retrospective study, we investigated the relationship between NLR, PLR and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This study consisted of 100 children and adolescents with ADHD (85 of those receiving psychopharmacological treatment), and 99 physically and mentally healthy children.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The mean NLR and PLR were significantly higher in patients than in controls. There was no significant difference between patients who received psychopharmacological treatment for ADHD and patient that did not with regard to NLR and PLR. No associations were found between NLR and PLR and ADHD symptom severity. The significance of NLR is not influenced by medication use, age and sex.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our findings suggest that NLR and PLR may be inflammation biomarkers in children and adolescents with ADHD. Moreover, the significance of NLR is not influenced by medication use, age and sex. Prospective studies that address alterations in NLR and PLR and other pro-inflammatory cytokines following ADHD treatment may provide additional information about the inflammatory mechanisms in ADHD.Key pointsThe mean NLR and PLR were significantly higher in patients than in controls.The significance of NLR is not influenced by medication use, age and sex.No associations were found between NLR and PLR and ADHD symptom severity.Prospective studies that address alterations in NLR and PLR and other pro-inflammatory cytokines following psychopharmacological treatment of ADHD may provide additional information about the inflammatory mechanisms in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33305542,"Efficacy and safety of guanfacine extended-release in Japanese adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: Exploratory post hoc subgroup analyses of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.","['adult', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'guanfacine extended-release', 'safety', 'treatment efficacy']","['Noriyuki Naya', 'Chika Sakai', 'Daiki Okutsu', 'Ryo Kiguchi', 'Masakazu Fujiwara', 'Toshinaga Tsuji', 'Akira Iwanami']","[StringElement('Previously, we reported on the efficacy and safety of guanfacine extended-release (GXR) in Japanese adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) from a phase 3, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized trial. In this exploratory post hoc analysis, we assessed the efficacy and/or safety of GXR in the following subgroups: ADHD-combined (ADHD-C) and ADHD-predominantly inattentive (ADHD-I) subtypes, age (≥31, <31\xa0years), sex (male, female), and body weight (≥50, <50\xa0kg).', attributes={'Label': 'AIM'}), StringElement('The primary efficacy endpoint was change from baseline in the Japanese version of the investigator-rated ADHD-Rating Scale-IV (ADHD-RS-IV) with adult prompts (total scores) at week 10.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The efficacy analysis population included 200 patients (GXR, 100; placebo, 100). ADHD-RS-IV total score effect sizes (GXR vs placebo) were similar across all subgroups (total population: 0.52, ADHD-C: 0.51, ADHD-I: 0.52, ≥31\xa0years: 0.61, <31\xa0years: 0.47, male: 0.50, female: 0.57). There were no major differences in the incidence/types of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) across the subgroups. The incidence of significant TEAEs (34.3%, 10.6%) and TEAEs leading to discontinuation (34.3%, 12.1%) were approximately three times higher in females than males, respectively. The incidence of TEAEs in patients weighing\xa0<50\xa0kg and\xa0≥50\xa0kg was 100% and 73.6% during dose optimization and 40% and 24.4% during the maintenance period, respectively.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Findings from this post hoc analysis in adults with ADHD support the efficacy and safety of GXR regardless of ADHD subtype, age, or sex and suggest that careful monitoring for TEAEs and GXR dose optimization is considered for all patients, as needed.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"32240033,Influence of smartphone addiction and poor sleep quality on attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms in university students: a cross-sectional study.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Internet addiction', 'sleep', 'smartphone addiction', 'university students']","['Soo Jin Kwon', 'Yoonjung Kim', 'Yeunhee Kwak']","['<b>Objective:</b> This study examined the relationship between attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder ((ADHD)) symptoms, smartphone addiction, and poor sleep quality in university students, and identified factors affecting ADHD symptoms. <b>Participants:</b> Data were collected from 197 students from March to June 2017. <b>Methods:</b> We adopted a descriptive cross-sectional study design. <b>Results:</b> ADHD symptoms were positively correlated with smartphone addiction (<i>r</i> = .424, <i>p</i> < .01) and poor sleep quality (<i>r</i> = .313, <i>p</i> < .01). The regression analysis showed that academic achievement (ß =.128, <i>p</i> = .038), smartphone addiction (ß =.327, <i>p</i> < .001), sleep disturbance (ß = .197, <i>p</i> = .003), and daytime dysfunction (ß = .269, <i>p</i> < .001) were identified as factors significantly influencing ADHD symptoms, accounting for 31.1% of their variance. <b>Conclusions:</b> Interventions for university students with ADHD symptoms should involve the evaluation of these four factors as a multifaceted approach to reducing ADHD symptoms.']"28957735,"Inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity among children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity-disorder, autism spectrum disorder, and intellectual disability.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism spectrum disorder', 'Co-occurring neurodevelopmental disorders', 'Hyperactivity/impulsivity', 'Inattention', 'Intellectual disability']","['Maryellen Brunson McClain', 'Amber M Hasty Mills', 'Laura E Murphy']","[StringElement('Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD), and Intellectual Disability (ID) are common co-occurring neurodevelopmental disorders; however, limited research exists regarding the presentation and severity of overlapping symptomology, particularly inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity, when a child is diagnosed with one of more of these neurodevelopmental disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('As difficulties with inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity are symptoms frequently associated with these disorders, the current study aims to determine the differences in the severity of inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity in children diagnosed with ADHD, ASD, ID, and co-occurring diagnosis of ADHD/ID, ASD/ADHD, and ASD/ID.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Participants in the current study included 113 children between the ages of 6 and 11 who were diagnosed with ADHD, ASD, ID, ADHD/ID, ASD/ADHD, or ASD/ID. Two MANOVA analyses were used to compare these groups witih respsect to symptom (i.e., inattention, hyperactivity/impulsivity) severity.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS AND PROCEDURES', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Results indicated that the majority of diagnostic groups experienced elevated levels of both inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity. However, results yielded differences in inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity severity. In addition, differences in measure sensitivity across behavioral instruments was found.', attributes={'Label': 'OUTCOMES AND RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Children with neurodevelopmental disorders often exhibit inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity, particularly those with ADHD, ASD, ASD/ADHD, and ADHD/ID; therefore, differential diagnosis may be complicated due to similarities in ADHD symptom severity. However, intellectual abilities may be an important consideration for practitioners in the differential diagnosis process as children with ID and ASD/ID exhibited significantly less inattention and hyperactive/impulsive behaviors. Additionally, the use of multiple behavior rating measures in conjunction with other assessment procedures may help practitioners determine the most appropriate diagnosis.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30807974,Magnesium status and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): A meta-analysis.,"['ADHD', 'Adolescents', 'Children', 'Magnesium', 'Meta-analysis']","['Mohammad Effatpanah', 'Mahdi Rezaei', 'Hosein Effatpanah', 'Zeynab Effatpanah', 'Hamed Kord Varkaneh', 'Seyed Mohammad Mousavi', 'Somaye Fatahi', 'Giulia Rinaldi', 'Rezvan Hashemi']","['Current research suggests conflicting evidence surrounding the association between serum magnesium levels and the diagnosis of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This systematic review and meta-analysis aims to explore, summarize and quantify the published literature addressing this topic. We conducted an exhaustive literature search on Scopus and PubMed for all the relevant observational studies published up to August 2018. A meta-analysis using a random-effects model was used to summarize the overall association between serum magnesium level and ADHD from the available data. We identified seven studies which reported the mean and standard deviation (SD) of magnesium concentration in both ADHD and control groups. The random-effects meta-analysis showed that subjects with ADHD had 0.105\u202fmmol/l (95% CI: -0.188, -0.022; P < 0.013) lower serum magnesium levels compared with to their healthy controls. Moreover, we observed striking and statistically significant heterogeneity among the included studies (I<sup>2</sup>\u202f=\u202f96.2%, P\u202f=\u202f0.0103). The evidence from this meta-analysis supports the theory that an inverse relationship between serum magnesium deficiency and ADHD exists. High heterogeneity amongst the included studies suggests that there is a residual need for observational and community-based studies to further investigate this issue.']"33491993,Alterations of amygdala-prefrontal cortical coupling and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder-like behaviors induced by neonatal habenula lesion: normalization by Ecklonia stolonifera extract and its active compound fucosterol.,[],"['Ye-Jin Kim', 'So-Yeon Jeon', 'Jae-Sue Choi', 'Na-Hyun Kim', 'Yukiori Goto', 'Young-A Lee']","['Alterations of monoamine transmission in mesocorticolimbic regions have been suggested in the pathophysiology of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The habenula is an important brain area in regulation of monoamine transmission. In this study, we investigated behavioral and electrophysiological alterations induced by neonatal habenula lesion (NHL) in rats. In NHL rats, age-dependent behavioral alterations relevant to the ADHD symptoms, such as hyperlocomotion, impulsivity, and attention deficit, were observed. Local field potentials (LFPs) in mesocorticolimbic regions of anesthetized rats were examined with in vivo electrophysiological recordings. Abnormally enhanced synchronization of slow (delta) and fast (gamma) LFP oscillations between the amygdala (AMY) and prefrontal cortex (PFC) was found in juvenile, but not in adult, NHL rats. We further examined the effects of an extract and the active compound from the perennial large brown algae Ecklonia stolonifera (ES), which have previously been demonstrated to modulate monoamine transmission, on these NHL-induced alterations. One week of ES extract treatments normalized the NHL-induced behavioral alterations, whereas the active compound fucosterol improved attention deficit and impulsivity, but not hyperlocomotion, in NHL rats. Consistent with the behavioral effects, ES extract treatments also normalized augmented AMY-PFC coupling. These results suggest that altered limbic-cortical information processing may be involved in ADHD-like behavioral alterations induced by NHL, which could be ameliorated by the natural substance, such as ES that affects monoamine transmission.']"35777438,PM<sub>2.5</sub> exposure and incident attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder during the prenatal and postnatal periods: A birth cohort study.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Birth cohort', 'Fine particulate matter', 'Neurodevelopment', 'Prenatal and postnatal exposure']","['Ya-Chu Chang', 'Wei-Ting Chen', 'Shih-Hao Su', 'Chau-Ren Jung', 'Bing-Fang Hwang']","['Only a few studies have assessed the effects of fine particulate matter (PM<sub>2.5</sub>) exposure during the prenatal and postnatal periods on the development of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). We investigated the association of exposure to PM<sub>2.5</sub> during pregnancy and early life with ADHD. This birth cohort consisted of 425,736 singleton live-term births between 2004 and 2015 in Taiwan. Daily PM<sub>2.5</sub> concentrations were derived from a 1-km satellite-based estimation model. A time-dependent Cox model was used to assess the effects of PM<sub>2.5</sub> on ADHD during the first, second, and third trimesters and from age 1-5 years after birth. The distributed lag nonlinear model was utilized to explore the dose-response relationship. Total 9,294 children were diagnosed with ADHD during the study period. The hazard ratio (HR) of ADHD was significantly associated with a 10\xa0μg/m<sup>3</sup> increase in PM<sub>2.5</sub> during the first trimester (HR\xa0=\xa01.26; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.13-1.40) and increased at PM<sub>2.5</sub> over 16\xa0μg/m<sup>3</sup>. For postnatal periods, the HR of ADHD was significantly associated with increased PM<sub>2.5</sub> at the first to third year of life (HR ranged between 1.40 and 1.87). According to the dose-response relationship of exposure to PM<sub>2.5</sub> at the third year of life, the HR of ADHD was significantly associated with PM<sub>2.5</sub> above 16\xa0μg/m<sup>3</sup> and sharply increased as PM<sub>2.5</sub> >50\xa0μg/m<sup>3</sup>. We did not observe a significant modification of sex on the relation between PM<sub>2.5</sub> and ADHD. Exposure of pregnant women to PM<sub>2.5</sub> above 16\xa0μg/m<sup>3</sup> from conception to the early life of their children may increase the risk of ADHD. The government should improve the criteria for air quality control and meet the WHO air quality guidelines to protect pregnant women and children from developing ADHD in the future.']"30927230,Reaction time variability and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: is increased reaction time variability specific to attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder? Testing predictions from the default-mode interference hypothesis.,"['Attentional lapses', 'Conduct disorder', 'Oppositional defiant disorder', 'Reaction time variability', 'State regulation']","['Giovanni A Salum', 'João R Sato', 'Arthur G Manfro', 'Pedro M Pan', 'Ary Gadelha', 'Maria C do Rosário', 'Guilherme V Polanczyk', 'Francisco X Castellanos', 'Edmund Sonuga-Barke', 'Luis A Rohde']","['Increased reaction time variability (RTV) is one of the most replicable behavioral correlates of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, this may not be specific to ADHD but a more general marker of psychopathology. Here we compare RT variability in individuals with ADHD and those with other childhood internalizing and externalizing conditions both in terms of standard (i.e., the standard deviation of reaction time) and alternative indices that capture low-frequency oscillatory patterns in RT variations over time thought to mark periodic lapses of attention in ADHD. A total of 667 participants (6-12\xa0years old) were classified into non-overlapping diagnostic groups consisting of children with fear disorders (n\u2009=\u200991), distress disorders (n\u2009=\u200956), ADHD (n\u2009=\u2009103), oppositional defiant or conduct disorder (ODD/CD; n\u2009=\u200940) and typically developing controls (TDC; n\u2009=\u2009377). We used a simple two-choice reaction time task to measure reaction time. The strength of oscillations in RTs across the session was extracted using spectral analyses. Higher RTV was present in ADHD compared to all other disorder groups, effects that were equally strong across all frequency bands. Interestingly, we found that lower RTV to characterize ODD/CD relative to TDC, a finding that was more pronounced at lower frequencies. In general, our data support RTV as a specific marker of ADHD. RT variation across time in ADHD did not show periodicity in a specific frequency band, not supporting that ADHD RTV is the product of spontaneous periodic lapses of attention. Low-frequency oscillations may be particularly useful to differentiate ODD/CD from TDC.']"34865917,Boys with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder perform wider and fewer finger tapping than typically developing boys - Peer comparisons and the effects of methylphenidate from an exploratory perspective.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactive disorder', 'Children', 'Coordination skills', 'Fine motor skills', 'Magnetic sensors']","['Takashi Enokizono', 'Tatsuyuki Ohto', 'Mai Tanaka', 'Kazushi Maruo', 'Tomohiko Mizuguchi', 'Yuko Sano', 'Akihiko Kandori', 'Hidetoshi Takada']","[StringElement('This study aimed to investigate the differences in fine motor and coordination skills between boys with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and typically developing (TD) boys and the effect of methylphenidate (MPH) in boys with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Fourteen boys aged 7-12\xa0years who were diagnosed with ADHD and previously treated with MPH were instructed to tap their thumbs and index fingers together repetitively for 10\xa0s after attaching magnetic sensors. The participants executed ""in-phase"" and ""anti-phase"" tapping. A two-way analysis of variance for comparing boys with ADHD and TD boys and the paired t-test to investigate the effect of MPH between sessions with and without MPH were performed.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Boys with ADHD showed a significantly lower ""number of taps"" and a significantly higher ""average of local maximum distance"" than TD boys. ""Energy balance"" was significantly lower in ADHD boys than in TD boys. MPH caused a significant difference in the ""standard deviation (SD) of phase difference"" in ""anti-phase tapping.""', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our studies indicated that finger-tapping movements in boys with ADHD tended to be significantly wider and fewer than those in TD boys, and MPH may improve the phase difference of bimanual fine motor coordination skills in boys with ADHD who are above 1.0 SD. The results should be interpreted with caution because we conducted statistical tests for many outcomes and groups without considering the multiplicity factor from an exploratory perspective.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34791750,"Prenatal smoking, alcohol and caffeine exposure and maternal-reported attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms in childhood: triangulation of evidence using negative control and polygenic risk score analyses.","['ALSPAC', 'Alcohol', 'GenR', 'MoBa', 'caffeine', 'childhood ADHD', 'intrauterine effects', 'negative control', 'polygenic risk score', 'smoking']","['Elis Haan', 'Hannah M Sallis', 'Luisa Zuccolo', 'Jeremy Labrecque', 'Eivind Ystrom', 'Ted Reichborn-Kjennerud', 'Ole Andreassen', 'Alexandra Havdahl', 'Marcus R Munafò']","[StringElement('Studies have indicated that maternal prenatal substance use may be associated with offspring attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) via intrauterine effects. We measured associations between prenatal smoking, alcohol and caffeine consumption with childhood ADHD symptoms accounting for shared familial factors.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND AND AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""First, we used a negative control design comparing maternal and paternal substance use. Three models were used for negative control analyses: unadjusted (without confounders), adjusted (including confounders) and mutually adjusted (including confounders and partner's substance use). The results were meta-analysed across the cohorts. Secondly, we used polygenic risk scores (PRS) as proxies for exposures. Maternal PRS for smoking, alcohol and coffee consumption were regressed against ADHD symptoms. We triangulated the results across the two approaches to infer causality."", attributes={'Label': 'DESIGN', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We used data from three longitudinal pregnancy cohorts: Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) in the United Kingdom, Generation R study (GenR) in the Netherlands and Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort study (MoBa) in Norway.', attributes={'Label': 'SETTING', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Phenotype data available for children were: N<sub>ALSPAC</sub> \u2009=\u20095455-7751; N<sub>GENR</sub> \u2009=\u20091537-3119; N<sub>MOBA</sub> \u2009=\u200928\u2009053-42\u2009206. Genotype data available for mothers was: N<sub>ALSPAC</sub> \u2009=\u20097074; N<sub>MOBA</sub> \u2009=\u200914\u2009583.', attributes={'Label': 'PARTICIPANTS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A measure of offspring ADHD symptoms at age 7-8\xa0years was derived by dichotomizing scores from questionnaires and parental self-reported prenatal substance use was measured at the second pregnancy trimester.', attributes={'Label': 'MEASUREMENTS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The pooled estimate for maternal prenatal substance use showed an association with total ADHD symptoms [odds ratio (OR)<sub>SMOKING</sub> \u2009=\u20091.11, 95% confidence interval (CI)\u2009=\u20091.00-1.23; OR<sub>ALCOHOL</sub> \u2009=\u20091.27, 95% CI\u2009=\u20091.08-1.49; OR<sub>CAFFEINE</sub> \u2009=\u20091.05, 95% CI\u2009=\u20091.00-1.11], while not for fathers (OR<sub>SMOKING</sub> \u2009=\u20091.03, 95% CI\u2009=\u20090.95-1.13; OR<sub>ALCOHOL</sub> \u2009=\u20090.83, 95% CI\u2009=\u20090.47-1.48; OR<sub>CAFFEINE</sub> \u2009=\u20091.02, 95% CI\u2009=\u20090.97-1.07). However, maternal associations did not persist in sensitivity analyses (substance use before pregnancy, adjustment for maternal ADHD symptoms in MoBa). The PRS analyses were inconclusive for an association in ALSPAC or MoBa.', attributes={'Label': 'FINDINGS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('There appears to be no causal intrauterine effect of maternal prenatal substance use on offspring attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30551325,Comorbidity of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder in children and adolescents.,"['ADHD', 'Adolescence', 'Anxiety', 'Childhood', 'Cross sectional study', 'Family psychiatric history', 'Psychiatric comorbidity']","['M G Melegari', 'O Bruni', 'R Sacco', 'D Barni', 'S Sette', 'R Donfrancesco']","['The aim of the study is to explore the impact of Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD) comorbidity in children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). Six hundred children with ADHD (mean age\u202f=\u202f9.12 years), recruited from 2013 to 2017, participated in the study. A total of 96 (16%) children with ADHD displayed a comorbidity with GAD. ADHD\u202f+\u202fGAD were compared to 504 ADHD children without GAD in terms of cognitive and psychiatric profile, ADHD subtype and family psychiatric history. The ADHD\u202f+\u202fGAD, predominantly represented from ADHD combined (72.6%), displayed higher psychiatry comorbidity, in particular with depressive disorders, and were associated with higher rates of maternal depression, of ADHD in fathers, and bipolar disorders in second degree relatives. Moreover, younger preschool-primary school age children with ADHD\u202f+\u202fGAD showed significant higher frequency of depressive disorders versus younger preschool-primary children with ADHD without GAD. ADHD\u202f+\u202fGAD comorbidity represents a more complex clinical condition compared to ADHD without GAD, characterized by the higher frequency of multiple comorbidities and by a psychiatric family with higher rates of mood and disruptive disorders.']"34812055,Reactive and proactive aggression in clinical adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: The moderating role of gender and comorbidities.,"['ADHD', 'attention', 'hyperactivity', 'social interactions', 'vulnerability']","['Peter Vida', 'Judit Balazs', 'Julia Gadoros', 'Peter Nagy', 'Jozsef Halasz']","['Aggression is well-known problem in adolescent with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), but the precise relation of reactive and proactive aggression by gender and comorbidities has not been characterized in this population. The aim of this study was to assess the level of reactive and proactive aggression in adolescents with ADHD and in matched non-ADHD clinical controls. The level of aggression was assessed by the Reactive and Proactive Aggression Questionnaire in 391 adolescents with ADHD and in 391 matched non-ADHD clinical controls. The selection of adolescents with ADHD was representative for a three-year-long period in Vadaskert Child Psychiatry Hospital. General Linear Model was used to assess the difference by ADHD, gender, and comorbidities on the level of reactive and proactive aggression. The presence of ADHD was associated with higher levels of reactive and proactive aggression. In girls, the effect of ADHD on reactive aggression was more profound. The presence of oppositional defiant disorder or conduct disorder in both groups resulted in higher levels of aggression. Our data suggest that adolescents with ADHD have higher level of aggressive behavior, and girls are especially vulnerable in terms of reactive aggressive behavior.']"35078472,Analysis of the therapeutic effect of Dimu Ningshen (TCM formula) on attention deficit hyperactivity disorder based on gut microbiota and serum metabolomics.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Chinese medicine compound', 'Gut microbiota', 'Nontargeted metabolomics']","['Kairui Tang', 'Wenzhi Hao', 'Xiaowei Mo', 'Yueyue Chen', 'Xiaofang Guo', 'Liangliang He', 'Binghua Wang', 'Juxian Wang', 'Qingyu Ma', 'Lijuan Deng', 'Jiaxu Chen']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder diagnosed during adolescence and adulthood. Assessment of the long-term risks of the current drugs for ADHD treatment has been insufficient, and little is known concerning the long-term therapeutic effects of psychostimulants. Commercially available traditional Chinese medicine compound oral preparations [e.g., Dimu Ningshen (DMNS)] have been widely used in the clinical treatment of ADHD, but their influence on the interaction between gut microbes and potential metabolomes remains inconclusive.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We used a series of behavioral experiments to evaluate the behavioral effects of DMNS on adolescent and adult ADHD rats and used 16S rDNA sequencing of gut microbes and nontarget metabolomics to evaluate the potential pathogenesis of ADHD and explore the biological mechanism of DMNS in ADHD treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('For the first time, DMNS was shown to reduce the excessive activity of adult and adolescent ADHD rats and improve the attention deficit of adult ADHD rats. DMNS improved the structural composition of the ADHD gut microbiota and reduced the abundance of Ruminococcaceae_NK4A214_group, Ruminococcus_2, and Eubacterium_nodatum_group. Simultaneously, DMNS increased the circulating levels of peripheral monoamine neurotransmitter precursors (e.g., phenylalanine) and reduced the circulating levels of peripheral fatty acid amides (e.g., oleamide). Finally, the changes in the ADHD serum metabolites were strongly correlated with the gut microbiota.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('DMNS has a good effect in treating ADHD, and it may exert this effect by regulating the gut microbiota and affecting metabolites in the peripheral circulation.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"36235697,Effectivity of Saffron Extract (Saffr'Activ) on Treatment for Children and Adolescents with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): A Clinical Effectivity Study.,"['ADHD', 'CPT', 'saffron']","['Hilario Blasco-Fontecilla', 'Esther Moyano-Ramírez', 'Olga Méndez-González', 'María Rodrigo-Yanguas', 'Marina Martin-Moratinos', 'Marcos Bella-Fernández']","['Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder is the most prevalent neurodevelopmental disorder worldwide. Choice treatment includes psychostimulants, but parents tend to be reluctant to administer them due to side effects, and alternatives are needed. Saffron extract is a natural stimulant that has been proven safe and effective for treating a variety of mental disorders. This study compares the efficacy of saffron and the usual treatment with methylphenidate, using objective and pen-and-paper tests. We performed a non-randomized clinical trial with two groups, methylphenidate (<i>n</i> = 27) and saffron (<i>n</i> = 36), in children and adolescents aged 7 to 17. Results show that the efficacy of saffron is comparable to that of methylphenidate. Saffron is more effective for treating hyperactivity symptoms, while methylphenidate is more effective for inattention symptoms.']"35649790,Integration of electroencephalogram (EEG) and motion tracking sensors for objective measure of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (MAHD) in pre-schoolers.,[],"['Neha Bhattacharyya', 'Soumendra Singh', 'Amrita Banerjee', 'Ria Ghosh', 'Oindrila Sinha', 'Nairit Das', 'Rajkumar Gayen', 'Somya Shubhra Pal', 'Sahely Ganguly', 'Tanmoy Dasgupta', 'Tanusree Dasgupta', 'Pulak Mondal', 'Aniruddha Adhikari', 'Sharmila Sarkar', 'Debasish Bhattacharyya', 'Asim Kumar Mallick', 'Om Prakash Singh', 'Samir Kumar Pal']","[""We developed an integrated device composed of a single-probe Electroencephalogram (EEG) and Charge Coupled Device (CCD) based motion sensors for objective measurement of Attention-deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). While the measurement of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (MAHD) relies on the EEG signal for the assessment of attention during a given structured task, the CCD sensor depicts the movement pattern of the subjects engaged in a continuous performance task. A statistical analysis of attention and movement patterns was performed, and the accuracy of completed tasks was analyzed using indigenously developed software. The device with the embedded software is intended to improve certainty with criterion E. We used the EEG signal from a single-channel dry sensor placed on the frontal lobe of the head of the subjects (3-5 year old pre-schoolers). During the performance of the task power for delta and beta, EEG waves from the subjects are found to be correlated with relaxation and attention/cognitive load conditions. While the relaxation condition of the subject hints at hyperactivity, a more direct CCD-based motion sensor is used to track the physical movement of the subject engaged in a continuous performance task. We used our indigenously developed software for statistical analysis to derive a scale for the objective assessment of ADHD. We also compared our scale with clinical ADHD evaluations and found a significant correlation between the objective assessment of the ADHD subjects and the clinician's conventional evaluation. MAHD, the integrated device, is supposed to be an auxiliary tool to improve the accuracy of ADHD diagnosis by supporting greater criterion E certainty.""]"32892757,"Overlap between attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and neurodevelopmental, externalising and internalising disorders: separating unique from general psychopathology effects.","['Aetiology', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorders', 'autism spectrum disorders', 'comorbidity', 'genetics']","['Ebba Du Rietz', 'Erik Pettersson', 'Isabell Brikell', 'Laura Ghirardi', 'Qi Chen', 'Catharina Hartman', 'Paul Lichtenstein', 'Henrik Larsson', 'Ralf Kuja-Halkola']","[StringElement('Although attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is classified as a neurodevelopmental disorder in the latest diagnostic manuals, it shows phenotypic and genetic associations of similar magnitudes across neurodevelopmental, externalising and internalising disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To investigate if ADHD is aetiologically more closely related to neurodevelopmental than externalising or internalising disorder clusters, after accounting for a general psychopathology factor.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS'}), StringElement('Full and maternal half-sibling pairs (N = 774 416), born between 1980 and 1995, were identified from the Swedish Medical Birth and Multi-Generation Registers, and ICD diagnoses were obtained from the Swedish National Patient Register. A higher-order confirmatory factor analytic model was fitted to examine associations between ADHD and a general psychopathology factor, as well as a neurodevelopmental, externalising and internalising subfactor. Quantitative genetic modelling was performed to estimate the extent to which genetic, shared and non-shared environmental effects influenced the associations with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('ADHD was significantly and strongly associated with all three factors (r = 0.67-0.75). However, after controlling for a general psychopathology factor, only the association between ADHD and the neurodevelopmental-specific factor remained moderately strong (r = 0.43, 95% CI = 0.42-0.45) and was almost entirely influenced by genetic effects. In contrast, the association between ADHD and the externalising-specific factor was smaller (r = 0.25, 95% CI = 0.24-0.27), and largely influenced by non-shared environmental effects. There remained no internalising-specific factor after accounting for a general factor.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Findings suggest that ADHD comorbidity is largely explained by genetically influenced general psychopathology, but the strong link between ADHD and other neurodevelopmental disorders is also substantially driven by unique genetic influences.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34455024,"Adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder among alcohol use disorder inpatients is associated with food addiction and binge eating, but not BMI.","['Addictive', 'Addictive-like eating', 'Alcohol use disorder', 'Attention-deficit disorder/hyperactivity', 'Behavior', 'Eating addiction', 'Eating disorders', 'Food addiction', 'Substance-related and addictive disorders']","['Hussein El Ayoubi', 'Servane Barrault', 'Adrien Gateau', 'Samuele Cortese', 'Julie Frammery', 'Elodie Mollat', 'Fréderique Bonnet-Brilhault', 'Marie Grall-Bronnec', 'Nicolas Ballon', 'Paul Brunault']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with binge eating (BE), food addiction (FA), and obesity/higher BMI in individuals without alcohol use disorder (AUD). ADHD is highly prevalent in patients with AUD, but it is unknown whether the presence of comorbid AUD might change the nature of the association between ADHD, BE, FA and BMI (food and alcohol may either compete for the same brain neurocircuitry or share vulnerability risk factors). Here, we filled this gap by testing the association between ADHD and FA/BE in adult patients hospitalized for AUD, with the strength of simultaneously assessing childhood and adult ADHD. We also investigated the association between ADHD and BMI, and the other factors associated with BMI (FA/BE, AUD severity).', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('We included 149 AUD inpatients between November 2018 and April 2019. We assessed both childhood and adulthood ADHD (Wender Utah Render Scale and Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale), FA (modified Yale Food Addiction Scale 2.0), BE (Binge Eating Scale), and BMI and AUD (clinical assessment).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In multivariable analyses adjusted for age, adult ADHD was associated with higher BE scores (p\xa0=\xa0.048), but not significant BE (9% vs. 7%; p\xa0=\xa0.70). ADHD was also associated with FA diagnosis and the number or FA symptoms, with larger effect size for adult (ORs: 9.45[95%CI: 2.82-31.74] and 1.38[1.13-1.69], respectively) than childhood ADHD (ORs: 4.45[1.37-14.46] and 1.40[1.13-1.75], respectively). In multivariable analysis, BMI was associated with both significant BE (p\xa0<\xa0.001) and FA diagnosis (p\xa0=\xa0.014), but not adult ADHD nor AUD severity.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In patients hospitalized for AUD, self-reported adult ADHD was associated with FA and BE, but not BMI. Our results set the groundwork for longitudinal research on the link between ADHD, FA, BE, and BMI in AUD inpatients.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"31864712,Metabolomics study of the prefrontal cortex in a rat model of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder reveals the association between cholesterol metabolism disorder and hyperactive behavior.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Cholesterol metabolism', 'Metabolomics', 'Methylphenidate', 'Prefrontal cortex', 'Spontaneous hypertensive rats']","['Tianyi Chen', 'Haixia Yuan', 'Yu-Bo Sun', 'Yu-Chen Song', 'Manqi Lu', 'Xinqiang Ni', 'Xinmin Han']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disease for which specific biomarkers and pathological mechanisms have yet to be identified. Methylphenidate (MPH) is commonly used to treat ADHD, but its therapeutic mechanisms and its impact on brain metabolites remain unclear. Metabolomics can help to discover biomarkers and identify pathophysiological mechanisms. We adopted an untargeted metabolomics approach based on gas chromatography-mass spectrometry to investigate the potential biomarkers and pathogenesis of ADHD. Ten Wistar-Kyoto (WKY) rats were chosen as healthy controls (vehicle, i.g.). Twenty young spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) were randomly allocated to the SHR group (vehicle, i.g.) and MPH group (2\xa0mg/kg/day, i.g.). We identified 103 metabolites from the prefrontal cortex (PFC). Orthogonal partial least square-discriminate analysis showed the differential expression of these metabolites between the groups. Multivariate and univariate statistical analyses isolated 12 metabolites that differed significantly between the WKY and SHR groups: 3-hydroxymethylglutaric acid, 3-phosphoglyceric acid, adenosine monophosphate, cholesterol, lanosterol, and o-phosphoethanolamine; 3-hydroxymethylglutaric acid and cholesterol were reversed with MPH treatment. Pathway and enrichment analyses revealed that the altered metabolites belonged to the cholesterol metabolism pathways. ELISA and western blotting showed that the activity of 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl-CoA reductase and the expression of sterol regulatory element-binding protein-2 and ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 were reduced in the PFC of the SHR; the latter two proteins were upregulated by MPH. In conclusion, metabolomics analysis identified potential biomarkers that influence cholesterol metabolism and may be implicated in the development of ADHD-like behavior. MPH can regulate cholesterol metabolism in the PFC of ADHD models. This study uncovered potential biomarkers and pathways involved in ADHD, providing new insight into its pathogenesis.']"34785036,Pilot study of a mobile application-based intervention to induce changes in neural activity in the frontal region and behaviors in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and/or intellectual disability.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Digital intervention', 'Electroencephalogram (EEG)', 'Intellectual disability (ID)']","['Sungji Ha', 'Jung Hwa Han', 'Jaeun Ahn', 'Kangto Lee', 'Jaeseok Heo', 'Yejin Choi', 'Jin Young Park', 'Keun-Ah Cheon']","[""Children with neurodevelopmental disorders, such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and intellectual disability (ID), need early intervention and continuous treatment. We aimed to investigate the feasibility and acceptability of mobile application-based interventions in children with ADHD and ID in supporting attention and cognitive function. Twenty-six children with ADHD and/or ID with attention and cognition difficulties were recruited. Participants completed a 12-week mobile application-based intervention. To assess whether digital intervention improved attention and cognitive function, we used the Comprehensive Attention Test (CAT), Cambridge Neuropsychological Tests Automated Battery (CANTAB), and electroencephalography (EEG) to examine direct changes in children's behavior and neural activity. Clinicians and parents assessed changes using the Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function, Second Edition (BRIEF-2), Korean version of the ADHD Rating Scale (K-ARS), Clinical Global Impression-Improvement Scale, and parental questionnaires. The intervention induced changes in neural activities on EEG and behavior but there were no significant changes in CAT and CANTAB results. Relative theta and alpha power were significantly lower post-intervention in the eyes-open (EO) condition of EEG recording and these changes were mainly observed in the frontal regions of the brain. Parental reports using the BRIEF-2 and K-ARS noted significant improvements in executive function, attention, and hyperactivity-impulsivity. In addition, the clinical impression improved in 60% of participants. These results provide evidence that a mobile application-based intervention has the benefit of supporting children with ADHD and/or ID. Digital intervention could change neural activity and improve children's attention and cognitive function. Given our findings, we suggested that mobile application-based digital therapeutics may have great potential for helping children with neurodevelopmental disorders who need continuous treatment.""]"29169998,Interaction between DRD2 and lead exposure on the cortical thickness of the frontal lobe in youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Cortical thickness', 'DRD2 gene', 'Frontal lobe', 'Gene–environment interaction', 'Lead exposure']","['Johanna Inhyang Kim', 'Jae-Won Kim', 'Jong-Min Lee', 'Hyuk Jin Yun', 'Chul-Ho Sohn', 'Min-Sup Shin', 'Bongseog Kim', 'Jonghee Chae', 'Jaewoo Roh', 'Bung-Nyun Kim']","[StringElement('The dopamine receptor D2 receptor (DRD2) gene and lead exposure are both thought to contribute to the pathophysiology of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). ADHD is characterized by delay in brain maturation, most prominent in the prefrontal cortex (PFC). The D2 receptor is also mainly located in the PFC, and animal studies show that lead exposure affects the dopaminergic system of the frontal lobe, indicating an overlap in neural correlates of ADHD, DRD2, and lead exposure. We examined the interaction effects of DRD2 rs1800497 and lead exposure on the cortical thickness of the frontal lobe in patients with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A 1:1 age- and gender-matched sample of 75 participants with ADHD and 75 healthy participants was included in the analysis. The interaction effects of DRD2 and lead exposure on the cortical thickness of 12 regions of interest in the frontal lobe were examined by multivariable linear regression analyses.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('When we investigated the DRD2×lead effects in the ADHD and HC groups separately, significant DRD2×lead effects were found in the ADHD group, but not in the healthy control group in multiple ROIs of the frontal lobe. There was a significant negative correlation between the cortical thickness of the right superior frontal gyrus and inattention scores.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The present findings demonstrated significant interaction effects of DRD2 and lead exposure on the cortical thickness of the frontal lobe in ADHD. Replication studies with larger sample sizes, using a prospective design, are warranted to confirm these findings.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33535410,Increased Alopecia Areata Risk in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and the Impact of Methylphenidate Use: A Nationwide Population-Based Cohort Study.,"['alopecia areata', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'methylphenidate']","['Hsing-Ying Ho', 'Chih-Kai Wong', 'Szu-Yuan Wu', 'Ray C Hsiao', 'Yi-Lung Chen', 'Cheng-Fang Yen']","['Alopecia areata (AA) is an autoimmune disease that causes sudden hair loss. Although few studies have reported the association between AA and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), the impact of methylphenidate (MPH) on AA has not been examined. This study examined whether AA risk is higher in children with ADHD than in those without ADHD as well as the impact of MPH use on AA risk in children with ADHD. From the Taiwan Maternal and Child Health Database, we enrolled all 1,750,456 newborns from 2004 to 2017 in Taiwan. Of them, 90,016 children received a diagnosis of ADHD whereas the remaining 1,660,440 did not. To compare AA risk in ADHD and the impact of MPH treatment on it, multiple Cox regression with adjustments for covariates (i.e., age, sex, and psychiatric comorbidities) was performed. The results indicated that 88 (0.098%) children with ADHD and 1191 (0.072%) children without ADHD had AA. Nevertheless, after adjustment for the covariates, AA risk was higher in children with ADHD than in those without ADHD (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR]: 1.30, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.04-1.64). Our data indicated a considerable reduction in AA risk (aHR: 0.64) among children with ADHD who received MPH than among those who did not receive MPH; however, this difference was nonsignificant, indicated by a wide 95% CI (0.32-1.25). In conclusion, ADHD and AA may share some underlying mechanisms.']"30221318,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Transitional Aged Youth.,"['ADHD', 'ADHD treatment', 'Adolescents', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'TAY', 'Transitional aged youth']","['Timothy E Wilens', 'Benjamin M Isenberg', 'Tamar A Kaminski', 'Rachael M Lyons', 'Javier Quintero']","[StringElement('Extensive research has been conducted on attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and adults; however, less is known about ADHD during the transition from childhood to adulthood. Transitional aged youth (TAY) with ADHD represents a particularly vulnerable population as their newfound independence and responsibility often coincides with the development of comorbid disorders. The purpose of this review is to provide an update on the evaluation, diagnosis, and treatment of TAY-ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE OF REVIEW'}), StringElement('Recent studies discovering ADHD symptoms emerging in TAY call the classification of ADHD as a disorder necessarily developing in childhood into question. TAY-ADHD are also shown to be vulnerable to academic and social impairments, increased risky behavior, and comorbid psychiatric disorders. Due to the risk of stimulant diversion in TAY, providers are advised to take precaution when prescribing medication to this population. Recent studies demonstrating the efficacy of psychotherapy in conjunction with non-stimulant or extended release stimulant medication provide a feasible alternative. This review highlights research on the course and evaluation of ADHD, impairments and comorbidities specific to TAY, and treatments tailored to address the unique challenges associated with TAY-ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RECENT FINDINGS'})]"29433615,"A haplotype of the dopamine transporter gene modulates regional homogeneity, gray matter volume, and visual memory in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'dopamine transporter gene', 'gray matter volume', 'regional homogeneity', 'resting brain imaging', 'visual memory']","['C Y Shang', 'H Y Lin', 'W Y Tseng', 'S S Gau']","[StringElement('The dopamine transporter gene (DAT1) and visual memory deficits have been consistently reported to be associated with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This study aimed to examine whether a DAT1 haplotype affected functional and structural brain alterations in children with ADHD and whether those alterations were associated with visual memory.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We recruited a total of 37 drug-naïve children with ADHD (17 with the DAT1 rs27048 (C)/rs429699 (T) haplotype and 20 without the CT haplotype) and 37 typically developing children (17 with the CT haplotype and 20 without the CT haplotype). Visual memory was assessed by the pattern recognition memory (PRM) and spatial recognition memory (SRM) tasks. We analyzed functional and structural brain architecture with regional homogeneity (ReHo) and gray matter volume (GMV).', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('The CT haplotype was associated with decreased ReHo in the left superior occipital gyrus, cuneus, and precuneus; and decreased GMV in the left superior occipital gyrus, cuneus, and precuneus, and in the right angular gyrus. Significant interactions of ADHD and the CT haplotype were found in the right postcentral gyrus for ReHo and in the right supplementary motor area for GMV. For the ADHD-CT group, we found negative correlations of total correct responses in PRM and SRM and positive correlations of mean latency of correct responses in PRM with the GMV in the left superior occipital gyrus, cuneus, and precuneus.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our findings suggest that the DAT1-related GMV alterations in the posterior cortical regions may contribute to visual memory performance in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31691449,Altered brain morphology in boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder with and without comorbid conduct disorder/oppositional defiant disorder.,"['ADHD', 'FreeSurfer', 'adolescence', 'conduct disorder', 'oppositional defiant disorder', 'structural MRI', 'structural morphology']","['Nora C Vetter', 'Lea L Backhausen', 'Judith Buse', 'Veit Roessner', 'Michael N Smolka']","['About 50% of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) patients suffer from comorbidity with oppositional defiant disorder/conduct disorder (ODD/CD). Most previous studies on structural morphology did not differentiate between pure (ADHD-only) and comorbid ADHD (ADHD+ODD/CD). Therefore, we aimed to investigate the structural profile of ADHD-only versus ADHD+ODD/CD spanning the indices subcortical and cortical volume, cortical thickness, and surface area. We predicted a reduced total gray matter, striatal, and cerebellar volume in both patient groups and a reduced amygdalar and hippocampal volume for ADHD+ODD/CD. We also explored alterations in prefrontal volume, thickness, and surface area. We acquired structural images from an adolescent sample ranging from 11 to 17\u2009years, matched with regard to age, pubertal status, and IQ-including 36 boys with ADHD-only, 26 boys with ADHD+ODD/CD, and 30 typically developing (TD) boys. We analyzed structural data with FreeSurfer. We found reductions in total gray matter and total surface area for both patient groups. Boys with ADHD+ODD/CD had a thicker cortex than the other groups in a right rostral middle frontal cluster, which was related to stronger ODD/CD symptoms, even when controlling for ADHD symptoms. No group differences in local cortical volume or surface area emerged. We demonstrate the necessity to carefully differentiate between ADHD and ADHD+ODD/CD. The increased rostral middle frontal thickness might hint at a delayed adolescent cortical thinning in ADHD+ODD/CD. Patients with the double burden ADHD and ODD or CD seem to be even more affected than patients with pure ADHD.']"32691279,CDH13 and LPHN3 Gene Polymorphisms in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: Their Relation to Clinical Characteristics.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'CDH13', 'LPHN3', 'Response to treatment']","['Ahmet Özaslan', 'Esra Güney', 'Mehmet Ali Ergün', 'İlyas Okur', 'Dilek Yapar']","['Genetic factors play a major role in the etiopathogenesis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). In this study, we aimed to investigate the relationship between the CDH13 (rs6565113, rs11150556) and LPHN3 (rs6551665, rs6858066, rs1947274, rs2345039) gene polymorphisms and ADHD. We also sought to examine possible relationships between these polymorphisms and the clinical course and treatment response in ADHD. A total of 120 patients (79% boys), aged 6 to 18\xa0years, newly diagnosed (medication-naïve) with ADHD according to the DSM-5 and a group of 126 controls (74% girls) were enrolled in the study. We examined the association between the aforementioned polymorphisms and ADHD. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis were used to evaluate factors influencing the treatment response of ADHD. A significant difference was found between ADHD and control groups in terms of genotype distribution of the LPHN3 rs6551665 and rs1947274 polymorphisms. The results also showed that having the GG genotype of rs6551665 and CC genotype of rs1947274 of the LPHN3 gene was associated with risk for ADHD, and this relationship was more prominent in male participants. In the multivariate logistic regression model established with variables shown to have a significant relationship with treatment response, the presence of the GG genotype of the LPHN3 rs6551665 polymorphism and high severity of ADHD assessed by CGI-S were associated with poor response to treatment. This study is the first study to investigate the relationship between ADHD and these polymorphisms among Turkish adolescents. Our results imply that the LPHN3 rs6551665 and rs1947274 polymorphisms have a significant effect on ADHD in a Turkish population, and support previous observations that the presence of the GG genotype of the LPHN3 rs6551665 polymorphism may be associated with poor response to treatment in ADHD.']"31110594,"Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) among Children Aged 6 to 17 Years Old Living in Girja District, Rural Ethiopia.",[],"['Hirbaye Mokona Lola', 'Habte Belete', 'Abebaw Gebeyehu', 'Aemro Zerihun', 'Solomon Yimer', 'Kassech Leta']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common behavioral disorders in childhood with long-term outcomes. Although ADHD is the most studied behavioral disorders of childhood in developed countries, few studies have been conducted in Ethiopia. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of ADHD in rural parts of Ethiopia.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A cross-sectional study was conducted from May to June 2015 among children aged 6 to 17 years living in rural areas. A multistage cluster sampling technique was used to select 1302 participants. The Disruptive Behavior Disorder Rating Scale was used to collect the data. Logistic regression analysis was used to see statistically significant variables.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The prevalence rate of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among children was 7.3%. Being male (Adjusted Odds Ratio (AOR)\u2009=\u20091.81, 95% CI: (1.13, 2.91)); living with a single parent (AOR\u2009=\u20095.0, 95% CI: (2.35, 10.65)); child birth order/rank (AOR\u2009=\u20092.35, 95% CI: (1.30, 4.25)); and low family socioeconomic status (AOR\u2009=\u20092.43, 95% CI: (1.29, 4.59)) were significantly associated with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULT', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The ADHD prevalence rate was found to be similar with global reports. Prevention and early management of maternal complications is important to reduce the prevalence of ADHD among children.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31326285,Cortical thinning in benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BECTS) with or without attention-deficit/hyperactivity (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'BECTS', 'Benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes', 'Cortical thinning']","['Zeynep Selen Karalok', 'Zeynep Öztürk', 'Altan Gunes']","['The aim of this study is to evaluate the abnormal cortical structures associated with newly diagnosed benign epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BECTS) patients and assessed the effects of comorbid attention-deficit/hyperactivity (ADHD) on these abnormalities. Newly diagnosed BECTS patients (n\u202f=\u202f33, 23 males) and age-matched healthy controls (n\u202f=\u202f48) were evaluated by surface and volumetric MRI. CAT12 toolbox (HYPERLINK ""http://www.neuro.uni-jena.de/cat/""\\t""_blank"" http://www.neuro.uni-jena.de/cat/, version r1109), SPM12(HYPERLINK""http://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm/software/spm12/""\\t""_blank""http://www.fil.ion.ucl.ac.uk/spm/software/spm12/, version 6225) and MATLAB (9.5, Mathworks, Natick, MA) were used to gather CT estimates. An additional comparison was performed between BECTS children with (n\u202f=\u202f13) and without ADHD (n\u202f=\u202f20). BECTS patients had significantly smaller volume in left postcentral gyrus when compared to healthy controls. BECTS patients with ADHD had significantly thinner superior-inferior frontal cortex, superior temporal cortex, left pericalcarine, lingual and fusiform cortex to healthy controls. Also BECTS without ADHD patients had thinner cortical areas when compared to healthy controls, however the significance was more relevant in the BECTS with ADHD. The left fusiform cortex of BECTS patients with ADHD patients was significantly thinner than BECTS patients without ADHD. Our results showed that BECTS affects frontal, temporal, parietal and occipital lobes by cortical thinning. Our study supports the need for better characterization of patients with BECTS so identification of different phenotypes can occur. Further studies are needed to investigate the relationship between BECTS and ADHD.']"32471498,Emergency department attendance for injury and behaviours suggestive of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): a cross-sectional study.,"['Impulsiveness', 'Inattentiveness', 'Neurodevelopmental disorders', 'Screening', 'Trauma', 'Treatment']","['Ester Conversano', 'Alice Tassinari', 'Lorenzo Monasta', 'Aldo Skabar', 'Matteo Pavan', 'Alessandra Maestro', 'Egidio Barbi', 'Giorgio Cozzi']","[StringElement('The study aimed to investigate if the behaviours suggestive of ADHD were more frequent in a population of children attending the Emergency Department (ED) for injuries, rather than for other causes.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A cross-sectional study was carried out. Patients, aged 6 to 17\u2009years, attending the ED for acute injuries and other causes were considered cases and controls, respectively. We used a questionnaire, which investigates the presence in the child of inattention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity. The primary outcome was the number of children with behaviours suggestive of ADHD in cases and controls.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Five hundred forty-five children were enrolled, 251 with injuries and 294 with other complains. Twenty two out of two hundred fifty one (9%) children visited for injuries, and 30 out of 294 (10%) visited for other causes had behaviours suggestive of ADHD (p\u2009=\u20090.661). Among these cases, children with evocative ADHD scores had a higher probability (OR 4.52; 95% CI 1.45-14.04; p\u2009=\u20090.009) of having had more than five previous ED accesses due to injury, compared to the others.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This study did non shown a difference in behaviours suggestive of ADHD between cases and controls, but identified a population of children with behaviours suggestive of ADHD who more frequently access the ED for injuries.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32074617,Differential Diagnosis in Patients with Substance Use Disorder and/or Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Using Continuous Performance Test.,"['Attention', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Continuous performance test', 'Inhibition', 'Substance use disorders']","['Ortal Slobodin', 'Matthijs Blankers', 'Máté Kapitány-Fövény', 'Sharlene Kaye', 'Itai Berger', 'Brian Johnson', 'Zsolt Demetrovics', 'Wim van den Brink', 'Geurt van de Glind']","[StringElement('Although substance use disorders (SUD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) show significant symptomatic overlap, ADHD is often overlooked in SUD patients.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The aim of the present study was to characterize aspects of attention and inhibition (as assessed by a continuous performance test [CPT]) in SUD patients with and without a comorbid diagnosis of ADHD and in healthy controls, expecting the most severe deficits in patients with a combined diagnosis.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The MOXO-CPT version, which incorporates visual and auditory environmental distractors, was administered to 486 adults, including healthy controls (n = 172), ADHD (n = 56), SUD (n = 150), and combined SUD and ADHD (n = 108).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('CPT performance of healthy controls was better than that of individuals in each of the 3 clinical groups. The only exception was that the healthy control group did not differ from the ADHD group on the Timing index. The 3 clinical groups differed from each other in 2 indices: (a) patients with ADHD (with or without SUD) showed increased hyperactivity compared to patients with SUD only and (b) patients with ADHD showed more responses on correct timing as compared with the SUD groups (with or without ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The CPT is sensitive to ADHD-related deficits, such as disinhibition, poor timing, and inattention, and is able to consistently differentiate healthy controls from patients with ADHD, SUD, or both. Our results are in line with previous research associating both ADHD and SUD with multiple disruptions across a broad set of cognitive domains such as planning, working memory, decision-making, inhibition control, and attention. The lack of consistent differences in cognitive performance between the 3 diagnostic groups might be attributed to various methodological aspects (e.g., heterogeneity in severity, type, and duration of substances use). Our results support the view that motor activity should be considered a significant marker of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35231056,Factors that mediate the relationships between household socio-economic status and childhood Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in children and adolescents: A systematic review.,[],"['Wolfgang A Markham', 'Nicholas Spencer']","[StringElement('ADHD is one of the most prevalent mental health disorders among children and adolescents. Household socio-economic status (SES) in early childhood is inversely related to ADHD later in childhood or adolescence. We conducted a systematic review to examine psychological, social and behavioural factors that mediate these relationships (PROSPERO Registration number: CRD42020182832).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""We searched Medline, EMBASE, PsychINFo, and Web of Science from inception until May 2020. Both authors independently reviewed abstracts and identified papers for inclusion. We sought primary observational studies (cohort, cross-sectional and case control studies) of general population-based samples of children and adolescents aged 18 and under that investigated potential mediators of the relationships between SES and ADHD. Studies based upon non-general population-based samples, twins or biochemical/physiological changes were excluded. Direct and indirect effects derived from standard validated mediation analysis were extracted for potential mediators. We assessed risk of bias using a modified NIH tool and synthesised quantitative data without meta-analysis according to the (SWiM) protocol because of heterogeneity between included studies. Family adversity, paternal and maternal ADHD symptoms, Home Learning Environment, breastfeeding duration and a combined fine motor and language score at age 2 may lie on the SES-ADHD pathway. Evidence concerning the influence of maternal depression/anxiety and adverse parenting was inconsistent across studies. There was no evidence that mother's health-related behaviour, family characteristics, child's consumption of fizzy drinks or other developmental characteristics at birth/during infancy lie on the SES-ADHD pathway. Publication bias may have been introduced by our decision not to search grey literature, not to approach study authors and limit the search to the English language."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS AND FINDINGS'}), StringElement('Evidence for mediation of the SES-ADHD pathway in childhood/adolescence is under-researched. Maternal mental health, family adversity, parenting and health-related behaviours warrant further research based on longitudinal data and employing the most advanced mediation analysis methods.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31745072,High-dose eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) improves attention and vigilance in children and adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and low endogenous EPA levels.,[],"['Jane Pei-Chen Chang', 'Kuan-Pin Su', 'Valeria Mondelli', 'Senthil Kumaran Satyanarayanan', 'Hui-Ting Yang', 'Yi-Ju Chiang', 'Hui-Ting Chen', 'Carmine M Pariante']","['No studies have examined the relationship between endogenous polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) levels and treatment response to PUFAs. We conducted a 12-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial comparing the effects of high-dose eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA, 1.2\u2009g) and placebo on cognitive function (continuous performance test) in n\u2009=\u200992 youth (age 6-18-years-old) with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). Blood erythrocytes PUFAs were measured before and after treatment, to examine the effects of baseline endogenous EPA levels on treatment response and the effects of EPA treatment on PUFAs levels. Secondary measures included other ADHD symptoms, emotional symptoms, and levels of plasma high-sensitivity c-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). Overall, EPA group improved more than placebo group on focused attention (variability, Effect size (ES)\u2009=\u20090.38, p\u2009=\u20090.041); moreover, within youth with the lowest baseline endogenous EPA levels, EPA group improved more than placebo group in another measure of focused attention (hit reaction time, HRT, ES\u2009=\u20090.89, p\u2009=\u20090.015) and in vigilance (HRT interstimulus interval changes, HRTISIC, ES\u2009=\u20090.83, p\u2009=\u20090.036). Interestingly, EPA group improved less than placebo group in impulsivity (commission errors), both overall and in youth with the highest baseline EPA levels, who also showed less improvement in other ADHD and emotional symptoms. EPA increased blood erythrocytes EPA by 1.6-fold but not DHA levels, and did not affect hs-CRP and BDNF plasma levels. In conclusion, EPA treatment improves cognitive symptoms in ADHD youth, especially if they have a low baseline endogenous EPA level, while youth with high EPA levels may be negatively affected by this treatment.']"29971801,Errors on a computer task and subclinical symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['RT slowing', 'Reflexive attention', 'commission errors', 'omission errors', 'orienting']","['Katherine E Christensen', 'Rebecca A Lundwall']","['Previous reports have found increased error rate for children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) on response time (RT) computer tasks. Here we attempt the conceptual replication and extension of two studies that examined error rate in a general population of children (N = 203). Study 1 followed Johnstone and Galletta but considered associations between scores on a dimensional measure of ADHD symptoms (rather than comparing those with or without an ADHD diagnosis) and the frequency of commission and omission errors. Study 2 followed Shiels, Tamm & Epstein and examined post-error adjustment in the same group of children as for Study 1. Study 1 did not replicate previous findings of no increase in errors of commission in those with higher ADHD symptoms (Johnstone & Galletta). Instead, we found that younger children with lower ADHD symptoms were more likely to make commission errors, while omission errors did not vary with age. Study 2 replicated the previous finding of less RT slowing in children with more ADHD symptoms, extending this finding to a general population of children. Namely, as ADHD symptoms increase, RT slowing is less likely, putting children with higher ADHD symptoms at risk of additional errors. Overall, we extend previous ADHD research to typically developing children with ADHD symptoms.']"35337833,Living proximity to petrochemical industries and the risk of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Benzene', 'Petrochemical industry', 'Postnatal', 'Pregnancy']","['Ching-Chun Huang', 'Shih-Chun Pan', 'Wei-Shan Chin', 'Yu-Cheng Chen', 'Chih-da Wu', 'Chin-Yu Hsu', 'Pinpin Lin', 'Pau-Chung Chen', 'Yue Leon Guo']","[""Evidence regarding the negative neurodevelopmental effects of compound exposure to petrochemicals remains limited. We aimed to evaluate the association between exposure to petrochemical facilities and generated emissions during early life and the risk of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) development in children. We conducted a population-based birth cohort study using the 2004 to 2014 Taiwanese Birth Certificate Database and verified diagnoses of ADHD using the National Health Insurance Database. The level of petrochemical exposure in each participant's residential township was evaluated using the following 3 measurements: distance to the nearest petrochemical industrial plant (PIP), petrochemical exposure probability (accounting for monthly prevailing wind measurements), and monthly benzene concentrations estimated using kriging-based land-use regression models. We applied Cox proportional hazard models to evaluate the association. During the study period, 48,854 out of 1,863,963 children were diagnosed as having ADHD. The results revealed that residents of townships in close proximity to PIPs (hazard ratio [HR]\xa0=\xa01.20, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.16-1.23, <3 vs. ≥10\xa0km), highly affected by petrochemical-containing prevailing winds (HR\xa0=\xa01.12, 95% CI: 1.08-1.16, ≥40% vs. <10%), and with high benzene concentrations (HR\xa0=\xa01.26, 95% CI: 1.23-1.29, ≥0.75 vs. <0.55\xa0ppb) were consistently associated with the increased risk of ADHD development in children. The findings of the sensitivity analysis remained robust, particularly for the 2004 to 2009 birth cohort and for models accounting for a longer duration of postnatal exposure. This work provided clear evidence that living near petrochemical plants increases the risk of ADHD development in children. Further studies are warranted to confirm our findings.""]"32106053,Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and its association with heavy metals in children from northern Chile.,"['Arsenic exposure', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Blood lead', 'Children', 'Population surveillance']","['María Pía Muñoz', 'Paola Rubilar', 'Macarena Valdés', 'María Teresa Muñoz-Quezada', 'Andrea Gómez', 'Marta Saavedra', 'Verónica Iglesias']","[StringElement('Exposure to lead and arsenic has been associated with child behavior problems. In Arica, a northern city of Chile, the natural presence of arsenic in water has been registered. Also, the city has a history of heavy metals contamination of anthropogenic origin. The purpose of this study was to explore the association between the concentration of blood lead and urinary inorganic arsenic with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) as reported by parents.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement(""Cross-sectional design with data analysis of 2656 children between the ages of 3 and 17 enrolled at the Environmental Health Center of Arica between 2009 and 2015. The diagnosis of ADHD was made based on the parents' response to questions about health history. Multiple logistic regression models were used to adjust for confounding variables."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The prevalence of ADHD was 6.4%. The means urinary inorganic arsenic and blood lead were 21\xa0μg/L and 1.5\xa0μg/dl, respectively. In the lead model adjusted for sex, age, housing material quality and exposure to secondhand tobacco smoke report; children with blood lead concentrations ≥5\xa0μg/dl were more likely to develop ADHD [Odds Ratio (OR): 2.33 95% confidence intervals (CI) 1.32-4.12)]. Regarding arsenic, the adjusted model revealed a higher chance of developing ADHD in the fifth quintile of exposure (OR\xa0=\xa02.02 IC 95% 1.12-3.61).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""The findings of this study suggest that exposure of children to lead and inorganic arsenic was associated with ADHD. This study provides additional evidence to existing literature regarding the potential role of toxic metals such as lead and arsenic in children's behavior. However, our findings should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations of the study."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35927488,"Differences in the genetic architecture of common and rare variants in childhood, persistent and late-diagnosed attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.",[],"['Veera M Rajagopal', 'Jinjie Duan', 'Laura Vilar-Ribó', 'Jakob Grove', 'Tetyana Zayats', 'J Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'F Kyle Satterstrom', 'María Soler Artigas', 'Jonas Bybjerg-Grauholm', 'Marie Bækvad-Hansen', 'Thomas D Als', 'Anders Rosengren', 'Mark J Daly', 'Benjamin M Neale', 'Merete Nordentoft', 'Thomas Werge', 'Ole Mors', 'David M Hougaard', 'Preben B Mortensen', 'Marta Ribasés', 'Anders D Børglum', 'Ditte Demontis']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder with onset in childhood (childhood ADHD); two-thirds of affected individuals continue to have ADHD in adulthood (persistent ADHD), and sometimes ADHD is diagnosed in adulthood (late-diagnosed ADHD). We evaluated genetic differences among childhood (n\u2009=\u200914,878), persistent (n\u2009=\u20091,473) and late-diagnosed (n\u2009=\u20096,961) ADHD cases alongside 38,303 controls, and rare variant differences in 7,650 ADHD cases and 8,649 controls. We identified four genome-wide significant loci for childhood ADHD and one for late-diagnosed ADHD. We found increased polygenic scores for ADHD in persistent ADHD compared with the other two groups. Childhood ADHD had higher genetic overlap with hyperactivity and autism compared with late-diagnosed ADHD and the highest burden of rare protein-truncating variants in evolutionarily constrained genes. Late-diagnosed ADHD had a larger genetic overlap with depression than childhood ADHD and no increased burden in rare protein-truncating variants. Overall, these results suggest a genetic influence on age at first ADHD diagnosis, persistence of ADHD and the different comorbidity patterns among the groups.']"32301339,Differences in performance on the test of variables of attention between credible vs. noncredible individuals being screened for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'TOVA', 'adolescent', 'diagnosis', 'feigning', 'validity']","['Allyson G Harrison', 'Irene T Armstrong']","['Measuring performance validity in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) assessments is essential, with multiple studies identifying how easily young adults can feign symptoms on self-report measures. Few methods, however, exist to identify such feigning when it occurs. While some clinicians include computerized tests of attention (e.g., Test of Variables of Attention [TOVA]) when assessing for possible ADHD, it is unclear how symptom exaggerators perform, and whether the TOVA Symptom Exaggeration Index (SEI) adequately identifies performance-based exaggeration when it occurs. Using archival data from a university-based ADHD screening clinic we investigated the performance of 245 late adolescents/emerging adults. Three groups were created: (1) Good effort but not ADHD (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u2009183); (2) Good effort and diagnosed ADHD (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u200913); and (3) suspect effort (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u200949), based on final diagnosis and performance on an existing validity measure. Results showed clearly that those with suspect effort performed more poorly than the other two groups on all but second-half commission errors on the TOVA. Similar to Nicholls et\xa0al., the suspect effort group showed significantly subaverage (i.e., greater than two standard deviations below the mean) scores in Omission errors; in this replication, however, this was true for both the first and second half of the test. Response time variability was similarly exaggerated, with the suspect effort group again returning extreme scores in both halves of the test. Suspect effort students were indistinguishable from those with genuine ADHD when looking solely at self-reported symptoms; however, embedded symptom validity measures on an ADHD rating scale discriminated well between groups. Overall, results support the use of the TOVA as an embedded performance validity measure in the assessment of late adolescents/emerging adults and support previous findings that symptom report alone cannot distinguish credible from noncredible ADHD presentation.']"26026784,Interactions among attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and problem gambling in a probabilistic reward-learning task.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Decision making', 'Iowa gambling task', 'Problem gambling', 'Reward']","['Mehdi Abouzari', 'Scott Oberg', 'Aaron Gruber', 'Matthew Tata']","[""Problem gambling is thought to be highly comorbid with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). We propose that the neurobiological pathologies underlying problem gambling overlap with those in ADHD. In this study, we used a simplified computerized version of the Iowa Gambling Task (IGT) to assess differences in reinforcement-driven choice adaptation among participants with pathological gambling and/or ADHD. The task contained two choice options with different net payouts over the session; a good bet that resulted in a win of +50 points on 60% of trials (and -50 points on 40%), and a bad bet that resulted in +100 points on 40% of the trials (and -100 points on 60%). We quantified participants' preference for the good bet over the session and their sensitivity to reinforcement. Both the control subjects and medicated ADHD nongamblers significantly increased the proportion of good bets over the 400-trial session. Subjects with problem gambling performed worse than controls and ADHD nongamblers, but better than our limited sample of unmedicated ADHD gamblers. Control subjects, medicated ADHD nongamblers, and unmedicated ADHD nongamblers tended to tolerate losses following good bets, whereas unmedicated ADHD gamblers tended to tolerate losses following bad bets. These data reveal that ADHD, particularly when treated with medication, is not associated with poor choices on the IGT, but may exacerbate pathological choices in problem gamblers. It seems that stabilization of dopamine signaling that occurs when ADHD is treated is itself also a treatment for certain forms of problem gambling. ""]"31302218,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Medication and Unintentional Injuries in Children and Adolescents.,['attention-deficit disorder with hyperactivity/drug therapy'],"['Laura Ghirardi', 'Henrik Larsson', 'Zheng Chang', 'Qi Chen', 'Patrick D Quinn', 'Kwan Hur', 'Robert D Gibbons', ""Brian M D'Onofrio""]","[StringElement('Our objective was to determine whether attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) medication is associated with a decreased risk of unintentional injuries in children and adolescents in the United States across sexes, age groups and injury types.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We used de-identified inpatient, outpatient, and filled prescription claims data from the Truven Health MarketScan Research Databases. Individuals were followed from January 1, 2005, date of first ADHD diagnosis, or medication prescription, or age 6 years, whichever occurred last, until December 31, 2014, first healthcare insurance disenrollment, or the first year at which their age was recorded as 19 years, whichever occurred first. A person was considered on ADHD medication during a given month if a prescription was filled in that month. The outcome was defined as emergency department visits for injuries, including traumatic brain injuries, with unintentional causes. Odds of having the outcome were compared between medicated and unmedicated months at the population-level and in within-individual analyses using logistic regression.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Among 1,968,146 individuals diagnosed with ADHD or receiving ADHD medication, 87,154 had at least one event. At the population level, medication use was associated with a lower risk of injuries, both in boys (odds ratio [OR]\xa0= 0.85; 95% CI\xa0= 0.84-0.86) and girls (OR\xa0= 0.87; 95% CI\xa0= 0.85-0.89). Similar results were obtained from within-individual analysis among male (OR\xa0= 0.72; 95% CI\xa0= 0.70-0.74) and female (OR\xa0= 0.72; 95% CI\xa0= 0.69-0.75) children, and among male (OR\xa0= 0.64; 95% CI\xa0= 0.60-0.67) and female (OR\xa0= 0.65; 95% CI\xa0= 0.60-0.71) adolescents. Similar results were found for traumatic brain injuries.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ADHD medication use was associated with a reduction of different types of unintentional injuries in children and adolescents of both sexes.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34001744,Comparison of Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in Typically Developing Children and Children with Down Syndrome.,[],"['Anna J Esbensen', 'Jeffery N Epstein', 'Lori B Vincent', 'Kelly Kamimura-Nishimura', 'Susan Wiley', 'Kathleen Angkustsiri', 'Leonard Abbeduto', 'Deborah Fidler', 'Tanya E Froehlich']","[StringElement('This study aimed to evaluate attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptom patterns among children with Down syndrome (DS) with or without ADHD and typically developing (TD) children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Parents and teachers rated symptoms of inattention, hyperactivity, and general behavioral concerns for 22 children with DS and comorbid diagnoses of ADHD (DS + ADHD), 66 gender-matched and age-matched children with DS with no diagnosis of ADHD (DS - ADHD), and 66 gender-matched and age-matched TD children with ADHD (TD + ADHD). Children with DS were recruited from the community. TD children with ADHD were recruited from a specialty clinic evaluating for ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Parents tended to report higher scores of inattention and hyperactivity for TD children with ADHD compared with children with DS and no ADHD. Although mean ADHD symptom summary scores were not significantly different in DS + ADHD and DS - ADHD, specific parent-report items (e.g., distractibility and being ""on the go"") did tend to differentiate these groups. By contrast, teachers tended to report higher inattention and hyperactivity scores for DS + ADHD compared with both DS - ADHD and TD + ADHD. Specific teacher-reported items tending to differentiate DS + ADHD and DS - ADHD included difficulties following through on tasks, avoiding tasks, leaving one\'s seat, and excessive talking.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Variability in response patterns between parent and teacher reports for children with and without DS highlights the need to evaluate ADHD symptoms across environments. Our findings also suggest specific items that may particularly be helpful in distinguishing children with DS who do and do not have ADHD, although replication is needed.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33236274,Factor Structure of Repetitive Behaviors Across Autism Spectrum Disorder and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism spectrum disorder', 'Factor analysis', 'Restricted and repetitive behaviors']","['Noah J Brierley', 'Christina G McDonnell', 'Kaitlyn M A Parks', 'Samantha E Schulz', 'Tyler C Dalal', 'Elizabeth Kelley', 'Evdokia Anagnostou', 'Robert Nicolson', 'Stelios Georgiades', 'Jennifer Crosbie', 'Russell Schachar', 'Xudong Liu', 'Ryan A Stevenson']","['Restricted interests and repetitive behaviors (RRBs) are core symptoms of autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and commonly occur in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Little is known about how RRBs manifest in ADHD. We quantified and compared factor structures of RRBs in children with ASD (n\u2009=\u2009634) or ADHD (n\u2009=\u2009448), and related factors to sex and IQ. A four-factor solution emerged, including Stereotypy, Self-Injury, Compulsions, and Ritualistic/Sameness. Factor structures were equivalent across diagnoses, though symptoms were more severe in ASD. IQ negatively correlated with Stereotypy, Self-Injury, and Compulsions in ASD, and negatively correlated with Compulsions and Ritualistic/Sameness behaviors in ADHD. In ASD only, females exhibited higher Self-Injury.\xa0Thus, patterns of RRBs are preserved across ASD and ADHD, but severity and relationship with IQ differed.']"26400629,The clinical presentation of attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome.,"['22q11.2DS', 'ADHD', 'ALSPAC', 'children']","['Maria Niarchou', 'Joanna Martin', 'Anita Thapar', 'Michael J Owen', 'Marianne B M van den Bree']","[StringElement('Although attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most prevalent psychiatric disorder in children with 22q11.2DS, it remains unclear whether its clinical presentation is similar to that in children with idiopathic ADHD. The aim of this study is to compare the ADHD phenotype in children with and without 22q11.2DS by examining ADHD symptom scores, patterns of psychiatric comorbidity, IQ and gender distribution.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Forty-four children with 22q11.2DS and ADHD (mean age\u2009=\u20099.6), 600 clinic children (mean age\u2009=\u200910.8) and 77 children with ADHD from a population cohort (mean age\u2009=\u200910.8) participated in the study. Psychopathology was assessed using parent-report research diagnostic instruments.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('There was a higher proportion of females in the 22q11.2DS ADHD sample in relation to the clinical sample (χ(2) \u2009=\u200918.2, P\u2009<\u20090.001). The 22q11.2DS group showed a higher rate of ADHD inattentive subtype (χ(2) \u2009=\u2009114.76, P\u2009<\u20090.001), and fewer hyperactive-impulsive symptoms compared to the clinical group (z\u2009=\u20098.43, P\u2009<\u20090.001). The 22q11.2DS ADHD group parents reported fewer oppositional defiant disorder/conduct disorder symptoms (z\u2009=\u20096.33, P\u2009<\u20090.001) and a higher rate of generalized anxiety disorder (χ(2) \u2009=\u20094.56, P\u2009=\u20090.03) in relation to the clinical group. Two percent of the 22q11.2 DS ADHD sample had received ADHD treatment. The results were similar when the 22q11.2 ADHD group was compared to the population cohort ADHD group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The clinical presentation of ADHD and patterns of co-morbidity in 22q11.2DS is different from that in idiopathic ADHD. This could lead to clinical under-recognition of ADHD in this group. Examining psychopathology in 22q11.2DS can provide insights into the genetic origins of psychiatric problems with implications beyond the 22q11.2DS population.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33748971,Analysis of structural brain asymmetries in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in 39 datasets.,"['Attention-deficit', 'brain asymmetry', 'brain laterality', 'hyperactivity disorder', 'large-scale data', 'structural MRI']","['Merel C Postema', 'Martine Hoogman', 'Sara Ambrosino', 'Philip Asherson', 'Tobias Banaschewski', 'Cibele E Bandeira', 'Alexandr Baranov', 'Claiton H D Bau', 'Sarah Baumeister', 'Ramona Baur-Streubel', 'Mark A Bellgrove', 'Joseph Biederman', 'Janita Bralten', 'Daniel Brandeis', 'Silvia Brem', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Geraldo F Busatto', 'Francisco X Castellanos', 'Mara Cercignani', 'Tiffany M Chaim-Avancini', 'Kaylita C Chantiluke', 'Anastasia Christakou', 'David Coghill', 'Annette Conzelmann', 'Ana I Cubillo', 'Renata B Cupertino', 'Patrick de Zeeuw', 'Alysa E Doyle', 'Sarah Durston', 'Eric A Earl', 'Jeffery N Epstein', 'Thomas Ethofer', 'Damien A Fair', 'Andreas J Fallgatter', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Thomas Frodl', 'Matt C Gabel', 'Tinatin Gogberashvili', 'Eugenio H Grevet', 'Jan Haavik', 'Neil A Harrison', 'Catharina A Hartman', 'Dirk J Heslenfeld', 'Pieter J Hoekstra', 'Sarah Hohmann', 'Marie F Høvik', 'Terry L Jernigan', 'Bernd Kardatzki', 'Georgii Karkashadze', 'Clare Kelly', 'Gregor Kohls', 'Kerstin Konrad', 'Jonna Kuntsi', 'Luisa Lazaro', 'Sara Lera-Miguel', 'Klaus-Peter Lesch', 'Mario R Louza', 'Astri J Lundervold', 'Charles B Malpas', 'Paulo Mattos', 'Hazel McCarthy', 'Leyla Namazova-Baranova', 'Rosa Nicolau', 'Joel T Nigg', 'Stephanie E Novotny', 'Eileen Oberwelland Weiss', ""Ruth L O'Gorman Tuura"", 'Jaap Oosterlaan', 'Bob Oranje', 'Yannis Paloyelis', 'Paul Pauli', 'Felipe A Picon', 'Kerstin J Plessen', 'J Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'Andreas Reif', 'Liesbeth Reneman', 'Pedro G P Rosa', 'Katya Rubia', 'Anouk Schrantee', 'Lizanne J S Schweren', 'Jochen Seitz', 'Philip Shaw', 'Tim J Silk', 'Norbert Skokauskas', 'Juan C Soliva Vila', 'Michael C Stevens', 'Gustavo Sudre', 'Leanne Tamm', 'Fernanda Tovar-Moll', 'Theo G M van Erp', 'Alasdair Vance', 'Oscar Vilarroya', 'Yolanda Vives-Gilabert', 'Georg G von Polier', 'Susanne Walitza', 'Yuliya N Yoncheva', 'Marcus V Zanetti', 'Georg C Ziegler', 'David C Glahn', 'Neda Jahanshad', 'Sarah E Medland', 'Paul M Thompson', 'Simon E Fisher', 'Barbara Franke', 'Clyde Francks']","[StringElement('Some studies have suggested alterations of structural brain asymmetry in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but findings have been contradictory and based on small samples. Here, we performed the largest ever analysis of brain left-right asymmetry in ADHD, using 39 datasets of the ENIGMA consortium.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We analyzed asymmetry of subcortical and cerebral cortical structures in up to 1,933 people with ADHD and 1,829 unaffected controls. Asymmetry Indexes (AIs) were calculated per participant for each bilaterally paired measure, and linear mixed effects modeling was applied separately in children, adolescents, adults, and the total sample, to test exhaustively for potential associations of ADHD with structural brain asymmetries.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""There was no evidence for altered caudate nucleus asymmetry in ADHD, in contrast to prior literature. In children, there was less rightward asymmetry of the total hemispheric surface area compared to controls (t\xa0=\xa02.1, p\xa0=\xa0.04). Lower rightward asymmetry of medial orbitofrontal cortex surface area in ADHD (t\xa0=\xa02.7, p\xa0=\xa0.01) was similar to a recent finding for autism spectrum disorder. There were also some differences in cortical thickness asymmetry across age groups. In adults with ADHD, globus pallidus asymmetry was altered compared to those without ADHD. However, all effects were small (Cohen's d from -0.18 to 0.18) and would not survive study-wide correction for multiple testing."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Prior studies of altered structural brain asymmetry in ADHD were likely underpowered to detect the small effects reported here. Altered structural asymmetry is unlikely to provide a useful biomarker for ADHD, but may provide neurobiological insights into the trait.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35697396,Pharmacologic Treatment of Comorbid Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Tourette and Tic Disorders.,"['ADHD', 'Stimulants', 'Tics', 'Tourette', 'α-Agonists']","['Robert J Jaffe', 'Barbara J Coffey']","['A complete and comprehensive medical and psychiatric evaluation is necessary to delineate tic symptoms from attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, and to prioritize the most problematic symptoms for intervention. Stimulants are the recommended first-line pharmacotherapy to treat attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms in patients with tic disorders. Comprehensive behavioral intervention for tics is an effective behavioral therapy that is generally considered the first-line treatment of persistent tic disorders. α-Agonists can be added to stimulants if tics increase or be used as monotherapy to target attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and tics. Atomoxetine is also an excellent option to treat attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and tics.']"32493144,A nurse-led lifestyle intervention for adult persons with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in Sweden.,"['Adult ADHD', 'clinical practice', 'interpersonal relationships', 'lifestyle intervention', 'nurse-led']","['Annette Björk', 'Ylva Rönngren', 'Erika Wall', 'Stig Vinberg', 'Ove Hellzen', 'Niclas Olofsson']","['<b>Introduction:</b> Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with lifestyle-related diseases. Therefore, a nurse-led lifestyle intervention including interpersonal relationships, health education and cognitive support was developed to facilitate healthier lifestyle habits.<b>Aim:</b> The aim was to develop a lifestyle intervention and investigate its impact on mental and physical health<b>Method:</b> The 52-week intervention included 35 adults with ADHD. In a pre- and post-test design, symptoms of ADHD were measured with the Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale, quality of life was measured with the Adult ADHD Quality of Life scale and mental health was measured with the Hospital Anxiety and Depression scale. Lifestyle habits and dimensions of health were measured by the Lifestyle-Performance-Health Questionnaire and physical fitness was measured by the VO2 Max Test and calculations of waist circumference and body mass index. Result: Post-tests for a group of 25 persons showed positive changes following the intervention regarding weekly physical activity, quality of life and general and mental health. Lifestyle habit support was found to be important. The impact of the intervention should be confirmed in a long-term study with a control group.<b>Conclusion:</b> This intervention may be beneficial and may be implemented in a primary healthcare setting or in other open care units.']"31313269,[Adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) with comorbid addictive disorder. Therapeutic challenges using the example of a survey of clinical practice].,"['adults with ADHD and addiction', 'amphetamine salts', 'integrated treatment', 'methylphenidate']","['Kristina Adorjan', 'Susanne Karch', 'Gabi Martin', 'Diana Plörer', 'Catja Winter', 'Irmgard Hantschk', 'Gabi Koller', 'Beate Erbas', 'Oliver Pogarell']","[StringElement('ADHD in childhood and adolescence is characterized by the symptoms hyperactivity, impulsivity, and inattentiveness; these symptoms may persist into adulthood or may manifest as restlessness, emotional instability, and disorganized behavior. In adults ADHD often occurs with increased substance use and is associated with an early onset of substance use, development of severe addiction, and decreased treatment effectiveness.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This overview will present and critically discuss current study results and evidence-based and consensus-oriented recommendations that ensure the most adequate care for patients with ADHD and addictive disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('For drug therapy, the current S3 guideline recommends methylphenidate, amphetamine salts, and atomoxetine, among others. Treatment of adult patients with ADHD and addiction with stimulants tends to be viewed critically; if required, long-acting medications should be used. Integrated treatment of ADHD and addiction, consisting of a combination of pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy, is recommended.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35043762,Targeting PI3K by Natural Products: A Potential Therapeutic Strategy for Attention-deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Phosphoinositide 3-kinases (PI3Ks)', 'dopamine', 'etiology', 'natural products', 'neurogenesis']","['Tayebeh Noori', 'Mousa Sahebgharani', 'Antoni Sureda', 'Eduardo Sobarzo-Sanchez', 'Sajad Fakhri', 'Samira Shirooie']","['Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a highly prevalent childhood psychiatric disorder. In general, a child with ADHD has significant attention problems with difficulty concentrating on a subject and is generally associated with impulsivity and excessive activity. The etiology of ADHD in most patients is unknown, although it is considered to be a multifactorial disease caused by a combination of genetics and environmental factors. Diverse factors, such as the existence of mental, nutritional, or general health problems during childhood, as well as smoking and alcohol drinking during pregnancy, are related to an increased risk of ADHD. Behavioral and psychological characteristics of ADHD include anxiety, mood disorders, behavioral disorders, language disorders, and learning disabilities. These symptoms affect individuals, families, and communities, negatively altering educational and social results, strained parent-child relationships, and increased use of health services. ADHD may be associated with deficits in inhibitory frontostriatal noradrenergic neurons on lower striatal structures that are predominantly driven by dopaminergic neurons. Phosphoinositide 3-kinases (PI3Ks) are a conserved family of lipid kinases that control a number of cellular processes, including cell proliferation, differentiation, migration, insulin metabolism, and apoptosis. Since PI3K plays an important role in controlling the noradrenergic neuron, it opens up new insights into research on ADHD and other developmental brain diseases. This review presents evidence for the potential usefulness of PI3K and its modulators as a potential treatment for ADHD.']"28844652,Spanish validation of the adult Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Rating Scale (ADHD-RS): relevance of clinical subtypes.,"['Adultos', 'Adults', 'Assessment', 'Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Rating Scale', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Escala', 'Evaluación', 'Scale', 'Subtipos', 'Subtypes', 'Trastorno por déficit de atención e hiperactividad']","['Vanesa Richarte', 'Montserrat Corrales', 'Marian Pozuelo', 'Juanfran Serra-Pla', 'Pol Ibáñez', 'Eva Calvo', 'Margarida Corominas', 'Rosa Bosch', 'Miquel Casas', 'Josep Antoni Ramos-Quiroga']","[StringElement('Adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has a prevalence between 2.5% and 4% of the general adult population. Over the past few decades, self-report measures have been developed for the current evaluation of adult ADHD. The ADHD-RS is a 18-items scale self-report version for assessing symptoms for ADHD DSM-IV. A validation of Spanish version of the ADHD-RS was performed.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The sample consisted of 304 adult with ADHD and 94 controls. A case control study was carried out (adult ADHD vs. non ADHD). The diagnosis of ADHD was evaluated with the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV (SCID-I) and the Conners Adult ADHD Diagnostic Interview for DSM-IV (CAADID-II). To determinate the internal validity of the two dimensions structure of ADHD-RS an exploratory factor analysis was performed. The α-coefficients were taken as a measure of the internal consistency of the dimensions considered. A logistic regression study was carried out to evaluate the model in terms of sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value (PPV) and negative predictive values (NPV).', attributes={'Label': 'MATERIAL AND METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Average age was 33.29 (SD=10.50) and 66% of subjects were men (there were no significant differences between the two groups). Factor analysis was done with a principal component analysis followed by a normalized varimax rotation. The Kaiser-Meyer-Olkin measure of sampling adequacy tests was .868 (remarkable) and the Bartlett's test of sphericity was 2 (153)=1,835.76, P<.0005, indicating the appropriateness of the factor analysis. This two-factor model accounted for 37.81% of the explained variance. The α-coefficient of the two factors was .84 and .82. The original strategy proposed 24 point for cut-off: sensitivity (81.9%), specificity (74.7%), PPV (50.0%), NPV (93.0%), kappa coefficient .78 and area under the curve (AUC) .89. The new score strategy proposed by our group suggests different cut-off for different clinical presentations. The 24 point is the best cut-off for ADHD combined presentation: sensitivity (81.9%), specificity (87.3%), PPV (78.6%), NPV (89.4%), kappa coefficient .88 and AUC .94, and 21 point is the best cut-off for ADHD predominantly inattentive presentation: sensitivity (70.2%), specificity (76.1%), PPV (71.7%), NPV (74.8%), kappa coefficient .88 and AUC .94."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In this study, the Spanish version of the ADHD-RS is a valid scale to discriminate between ADHD adults and controls. The new proposed score strategy suggests the relevance of clinical presentations in the different cut-offs selected.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29566425,Cognitive-behavioural interventions for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults.,[],"['Pablo Luis Lopez', 'Fernando Manuel Torrente', 'Agustín Ciapponi', 'Alicia Graciela Lischinsky', 'Marcelo Cetkovich-Bakmas', 'Juan Ignacio Rojas', 'Marina Romano', 'Facundo F Manes']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a developmental condition characterised by symptoms of inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity, along with deficits in executive function, emotional regulation and motivation. The persistence of ADHD in adulthood is a serious clinical problem.ADHD significantly affects social interactions, study and employment performance.Previous studies suggest that cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT) could be effective in treating adults with ADHD, especially when combined with pharmacological treatment. CBT aims to change the thoughts and behaviours that reinforce harmful effects of the disorder by teaching people techniques to control the core symptoms. CBT also aims to help people cope with emotions, such as anxiety and depression, and to improve self-esteem.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To assess the effects of cognitive-behavioural-based therapy for ADHD in adults.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('In June 2017, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, seven other databases and three trials registries. We also checked reference lists, handsearched congress abstracts, and contacted experts and researchers in the field.', attributes={'Label': 'SEARCH METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating any form of CBT for adults with ADHD, either as a monotherapy or in conjunction with another treatment, versus one of the following: unspecific control conditions (comprising supportive psychotherapies, no treatment or waiting list) or other specific interventions.', attributes={'Label': 'SELECTION CRITERIA', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We used the standard methodological procedures suggested by Cochrane.', attributes={'Label': 'DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We included 14 RCTs (700 participants), 13 of which were conducted in the northern hemisphere and 1 in Australia.Primary outcomes: ADHD symptomsCBT versus unspecific control conditions (supportive psychotherapies, waiting list or no treatment)- CBT versus supportive psychotherapies: CBT was more effective than supportive therapy for improving clinician-reported ADHD symptoms (1 study, 81 participants; low-quality evidence) but not for self-reported ADHD symptoms (SMD -0.16, 95% CI -0.52 to 0.19; 2 studies, 122 participants; low-quality evidence; small effect size).- CBT versus waiting list: CBT led to a larger benefit in clinician-reported ADHD symptoms (SMD -1.22, 95% CI -2.03 to -0.41; 2 studies, 126 participants; very low-quality evidence; large effect size). We also found significant differences in favour of CBT for self-reported ADHD symptoms (SMD -0.84, 95% CI -1.18 to -0.50; 5 studies, 251 participants; moderate-quality evidence; large effect size).CBT plus pharmacotherapy versus pharmacotherapy alone: CBT with pharmacotherapy was more effective than pharmacotherapy alone for clinician-reported core symptoms (SMD -0.80, 95% CI -1.31 to -0.30; 2 studies, 65 participants; very low-quality evidence; large effect size), self-reported core symptoms (MD -7.42 points, 95% CI -11.63 points to -3.22 points; 2 studies, 66 participants low-quality evidence) and self-reported inattention (1 study, 35 participants).CBT versus other interventions that included therapeutic ingredients specifically targeted to ADHD: we found a significant difference in favour of CBT for clinician-reported ADHD symptoms (SMD -0.58, 95% CI -0.98 to -0.17; 2 studies, 97 participants; low-quality evidence; moderate effect size) and for self-reported ADHD symptom severity (SMD -0.44, 95% CI -0.88 to -0.01; 4 studies, 156 participants; low-quality evidence; small effect size).Secondary outcomesCBT versus unspecific control conditions: we found differences in favour of CBT compared with waiting-list control for self-reported depression (SMD -0.36, 95% CI -0.60 to -0.11; 5 studies, 258 participants; small effect size) and for self-reported anxiety (SMD -0.45, 95% CI -0.71 to -0.19; 4 studies, 239 participants; small effect size). We also observed differences in favour of CBT for self-reported state anger (1 study, 43 participants) and self-reported self-esteem (1 study 43 participants) compared to waiting list. We found no differences between CBT and supportive therapy (1 study, 81 participants) for self-rated depression, clinician-rated anxiety or self-rated self-esteem. Additionally, there were no differences between CBT and the waiting list for self-reported trait anger (1 study, 43 participants) or self-reported quality of life (SMD 0.21, 95% CI -0.29 to 0.71; 2 studies, 64 participants; small effect size).CBT plus pharmacotherapy versus pharmacotherapy alone: we found differences in favour of CBT plus pharmacotherapy for the Clinical Global Impression score (MD -0.75 points, 95% CI -1.21 points to -0.30 points; 2 studies, 65 participants), self-reported depression (MD -6.09 points, 95% CI -9.55 points to -2.63 points; 2 studies, 66 participants) and self-reported anxiety (SMD -0.58, 95% CI -1.08 to -0.08; 2 studies, 66 participants; moderate effect size). We also observed differences favouring CBT plus pharmacotherapy (1 study, 31 participants) for clinician-reported depression and clinician-reported anxiety.CBT versus other specific interventions: we found no differences for any of the secondary outcomes, such as self-reported depression and anxiety, and findings on self-reported quality of life varied across different studies.', attributes={'Label': 'MAIN RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('There is low-quality evidence that cognitive-behavioural-based treatments may be beneficial for treating adults with ADHD in the short term. Reductions in core symptoms of ADHD were fairly consistent across the different comparisons: in CBT plus pharmacotherapy versus pharmacotherapy alone and in CBT versus waiting list. There is low-quality evidence that CBT may also improve common secondary disturbances in adults with ADHD, such as depression and anxiety. However, the paucity of long-term follow-up data, the heterogeneous nature of the measured outcomes, and the limited geographical location (northern hemisphere and Australia) limit the generalisability of the results. None of the included studies reported severe adverse events, but five participants receiving different modalities of CBT described some type of adverse event, such as distress and anxiety.', attributes={'Label': ""AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS"", 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32482970,Efficacy of Guanfacine Extended Release in Children and Adolescents with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Comorbid Oppositional Defiant Disorder.,[],"['Jeffrey H Newcorn', 'Michael Huss', 'Daniel F Connor', 'Amaia Hervás', 'Tamara Werner-Kiechle', 'Brigitte Robertson']","[StringElement('To assess the efficacy of the non-stimulant guanfacine extended release (GXR) on attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in children and adolescents, with and without comorbid oppositional defiant disorder (ODD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Data were derived from 4 phase 3, randomized, placebo-controlled trials of dose-optimized GXR monotherapy, in which at least 10% of participants had a diagnosis of comorbid ODD. SPD503-312 and SPD503-316 were 10- to 13-week studies of GXR (1-7 mg/d). SPD503-314 and SPD503-307 were 8-week studies of GXR (1-4 mg/d). Efficacy was assessed using the ADHD Rating Scale IV (ADHD-RS-IV) total scores.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In total, 1,084 participants were included (SPD503-312 and SPD503-316, n = 537; SPD503-314, n = 333; and SPD503-307, n = 214). GXR was associated with significant improvements in ADHD core symptoms at endpoint in participants with and without ODD (p < 0.01 in all studies). Placebo-adjusted least-squares mean (95% confidence interval) changes from baseline to endpoint in the ADHD-RS-IV total scores in participants with and without ODD were -8.6 (-14.4, -2.8) and -7.3 (-9.5, -5.0) in the pooled data from SPD503-312 and SPD503-316, -12.6 (-19.6, -5.7) and -8.7 (-11.8, -5.5) in SPD503-314, and -12.7 (-17.3, -8.1) and -11.8 (-19.3, -4.4) in SPD503-307, respectively. The corresponding effect sizes were 0.688 and 0.598 in SPD503-312 and SPD503-316, 0.876 and 0.729 in SPD503-314, and 0.962 and 0.842 in SPD503-307.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The findings demonstrate the efficacy of GXR for treating ADHD in children and adolescents with comorbid ODD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"30148660,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder-Related Deficits and Psychostimulant Medication Effects on Comprehension of Audiovisually Presented Educational Material in Children.,"['ADHD', 'listening comprehension', 'methylphenidate', 'motor activity', 'visual attention']","['Sarah A Orban', 'Tanya A Karamchandani', 'Leanne Tamm', 'Craig A Sidol', 'James Peugh', 'Tanya E Froehlich', 'William B Brinkman', 'Nicole Estell', 'Akemi E Mii', 'Jeffery N Epstein']","['<b><i>Objective:</i></b> We aimed to (1) examine differences in observed visual attention and motor activity, as well as comprehension of a science video between children with and without attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and (2) explore if psychostimulant medication improves ADHD behaviors and comprehension of a science video in children with ADHD. <b><i>Method:</i></b> Children aged 7-11 with (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u200991) and without (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u200945) ADHD watched a science video and then completed a comprehension test. Then, children with ADHD began a 4-week within-subject, randomized, double-blind crossover trial of methylphenidate (MPH). At post-testing, children were randomized to receive placebo or their optimal dosage, watched another science film, and completed a comprehension test. <b><i>Results:</i></b> Children with ADHD exhibited higher rates of motor activity during, and worse comprehension of material discussed within, the science video. Mediation models revealed that increased motor activity suppressed between-group differences in comprehension. MPH improved comprehension and visual attention, but not motor activity during the science video. <b><i>Conclusion:</i></b> Children with ADHD may benefit from MPH to improve comprehension of and sustained attention during audiovisually presented learning material.']"31654913,Association of water fluoride and urinary fluoride concentrations with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in Canadian youth.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Canadian Health Measures Survey (CHMS)', 'Community water fluoridation', 'Urinary fluoride']","['Julia K Riddell', 'Ashley J Malin', 'David Flora', 'Hugh McCague', 'Christine Till']","[StringElement('Exposure to fluoride has been linked with increased prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in the United States and symptoms of inattention in Mexican children. We examined the association between fluoride exposure and attention outcomes among youth living in Canada.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""We used cross-sectional data collected from youth 6 to 17\u202fyears of age from the Canadian Health Measures Survey (Cycles 2 and 3). Urinary fluoride concentration adjusted for specific gravity (UFSG) was available for 1877 participants. Water fluoride concentration measured in tap water samples was available for 980 participants. Community water fluoridation (CWF) status was determined by viewing reports on each city's website or contacting the water treatment plant. We used logistic regression to test the association between the three measures of fluoride exposure and ADHD diagnosis. Linear regression was used to examine the relationship between the three measures of fluoride exposure and the hyperactivity/inattention score on the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('UF<sub>SG</sub> did not significantly predict ADHD diagnosis or hyperactive/inattentive symptoms. A 1\u202fmg/L increase in tap water fluoride level was associated with a 6.1 times higher odds of an ADHD diagnosis (95% CI\u202f=\u202f1.60, 22.8). A significant interaction between age and tap water fluoride level (p\u202f=\u202f.03) indicated a stronger association between tap water fluoride and hyperactivity/inattention symptoms among older youth. A 1\u202fmg/L increase in water fluoride level was associated with a 1.5 SDQ score increase (95% CI: 0.23, 2.68, p\u202f=\u202f.02) for youth at the 75th percentile of age (14\u202fyears old). Similarly, there was a significant interaction between age and CWF. At the 75th percentile of age (14\u202fyears old), those living in a fluoridated region had a 0.7-point higher SDQ score (95% CI\u202f=\u202f0.34, 1.06, p\u202f<\u202f.01) and the predicted odds of an ADHD diagnosis was 2.8 times greater compared with youth in a non-fluoridated region (aOR\u202f=\u202f2.84, 95% CI: 1.40, 5.76, p\u202f<\u202f.01).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Exposure to higher levels of fluoride in tap water is associated with an increased risk of ADHD symptoms and diagnosis of ADHD among Canadian youth, particularly among adolescents. Prospective studies are needed to confirm these results.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION'})]"34914421,Agmatine improves olfactory and cognitive deficits in Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats (SHR): An animal model of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,[],"['Angela Patricia França', 'Marissa Giovanna Schamne', 'Bruna Soares de Souza', 'Thiago Corrêa', 'José E da Silva-Santos', 'Geison Souza Izídio', 'Rui Daniel Prediger']","[""Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a highly prevalent and disabling disorder that frequently persists into adulthood. Many patients are considered nonresponders to typical pharmacological treatments due to insufficient symptoms' reduction or the inability to tolerate the side effects of these medications. Agmatine is an endogenous neuromodulator with emotional- and cognitive-enhancing properties that arises as a promising agent to manage several Central Nervous System disorders. Here, we investigated the effects of chronic treatment with agmatine on behavioral impairments exhibited by adult Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats (SHR), an animal model for the study of ADHD. Adult male Wistar and SHR (3-4 months old) received intraperitoneal (i.p.) treatment with saline (NaCl 0.9%) or agmatine (30 mg/kg/day) during 20 consecutive days and were evaluated in a battery of behavioral tasks. Agmatine treatment improved olfactory and recognition memory impairments of SHR evaluated in the olfactory discrimination, object recognition, and social recognition memory tasks. In addition, agmatine administration improved the cognitive flexibility in the water maze test. Agmatine did not alter SHR's locomotor activity and hedonic-like behaviors observed in the open-field and splash tests, respectively. No changes were observed in SHR's systolic blood pressure following agmatine treatment. This study provides the first evidence that agmatine improves olfactory and cognitive impairments observed in an animal model of ADHD. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved).""]"32361038,Electrophysiological correlates of spontaneous mind wandering in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'EEG', 'Mind wandering', 'Neuroscience']","['Natali Bozhilova', 'Ruth Cooper', 'Jonna Kuntsi', 'Philip Asherson', 'Giorgia Michelini']","['We recently hypothesised that increased spontaneous mind wandering (MW-S) reflects a core process underlying attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Previous studies show that individuals with ADHD and neurotypical individuals with increased MW-S display similar cognitive-performance and electrophysiological (EEG) impairments in attentional processes. However, the cognitive-EEG markers associated with increased MW-S in ADHD remain poorly understood. We therefore investigated such markers in a sample of 69 sex- and age-matched adults with ADHD and 29 controls during the Sustained Attention to Response Task. We compared task performance and EEG measures (P3, time-frequency brain-oscillations) of attentional processes between groups, and examined their association with a validated self-report questionnaire of MW-S. Finally, we tested the hypothesis that MW-S and ADHD diagnosis relate to the same cognitive-EEG impairments using a hierarchical regression model. Compared to controls, adults with ADHD showed attenuations in P3, event-related alpha and beta suppression during response inhibition (No-Go trials), and theta power activations during response execution (Go trials), as well as increased reaction time variability and more commission/omission errors. MW-S was also continuously associated with most cognitive-EEG measures related to ADHD. The hierarchical regressions on measures associated with both ADHD diagnosis and MW-S showed that MW-S did not explain additional variance in the cognitive-EEG markers (except for beta suppression) beyond ADHD diagnosis, and vice versa. These findings are consistent with our hypothesis that ADHD diagnosis and MW-S share common neural deficits, and that MW-S may reflect a core symptom of the disorder.']"30386441,Associations between Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Treatment and Patient Nutritional Status and Height.,[],"['Mariana F Granato', 'Alexandre A Ferraro', 'Denise M Lellis', 'Erasmo B Casella']","[""Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been found to co-occur frequently with obesity, although the reasons for this association are unknown. The aim of this study was to compare the nutritional profile of a Brazilian cohort of ADHD patients with that of the general population and to analyze the association between ADHD drug treatment (with methylphenidate), nutritional status, and height of these individuals. In the first phase of the study, we designed the nutritional and height profile of 93 ADHD patients (5.1 to 13.8 years old) and compared it to a control group. In the second phase, we analyzed the association of the use of methylphenidate with nutritional status and height. The results showed that the prevalence of overweight/obesity was statistically higher in the cohort of ADHD patients compared to controls (40.9% vs. 34.7%; <i>P</i> < 0.05). After treating ADHD patients with methylphenidate, a statistically significant decrease in the BMI <i>z</i>-score was observed (0.695 vs. 0.305; <i>P</i> < 0.01). On the other hand, no significant impact on height was detected after treatment (0.189 vs. 0.248; <i>P</i> = 0.298). In conclusion, the results suggest that the use of methylphenidate in patients who have ADHD and obesity is relevant not only for controlling ADHD symptoms but also for improving the nutritional status of these individuals. Moreover, the treatment did not affect the patients' height.""]"34171106,Clinical practice guideline on pharmacological and psychological management of adult patients with attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder and comorbid substance use.,[],"['Ruth Cunill', 'Xavier Castells', 'Ana González-Pinto', 'Manuel Arrojo', 'Miquel Bernardo', 'Pilar A Sáiz', 'Gerardo Flórez', 'Marta Torrens', 'Judit Tirado-Muñoz', 'Francia Fonseca', 'Belén Arranz', 'Marina Garriga', 'Jose Manuel Goikolea', 'Iñaki Zorrilla', 'Elisardo Becoña', 'Ana López', 'Luis San']","['Substantial evidence has confirmed the high comorbidity between Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and a substance use disorder (SUD). This review synthesizes the pharmacological and psychosocial interventions conducted in ADHD and SUDs, and provides clinical recommendations using the GRADE approach. Our results suggest: 1) In patients with ADHD and alcohol use, atomoxetine is recommended to reduce ADHD symptoms (weak recommendation) and alcohol craving (weak recommendation). 2) In patients with ADHD and cannabis use disorder, atomoxetine is recommended to improve ADHD symptoms (weak recommendation), not to reduce cannabis use (weak recommendation). 3) In patients with ADHD and cocaine use disorder, methylphenidate is not recommended to improve ADHD symptoms or to reduce cocaine use (weak recommendation). 4) In patients with ADHD and comorbid nicotine use disorder, methylphenidate is recommended to improve ADHD symptoms (weak recommendation). Psychoestimulants, such as methylphenidate or lisdexamfetamine dimesylate, are not recommended to reduce nicotine use (weak recommendation). 5) Regarding patients with ADHD and any SUD, the use of psychostimulants is recommended to improve ADHD symptoms (weak recommendation), not to reduce substance use (weak recommendation) or to improve retention to treatment (strong recommendation). In these patients, the use of atomoxetine is recommended to improve ADHD symptoms (weak recommendation), not to decrease substance use (weak recommendation) or to improve retention to treatment (strong recommendation). Atomoxetine and psychostimulants appear to be safe in patients with any SUD (strong recommendation). Our review suggests the need for more research in this area and for larger, multisite, randomized studies to provide more definite and conclusive evidence.']"34224837,Meta-analysis: Which Components of Parent Training Work for Children With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder?,"['ADHD', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'behavioral parent training', 'meta-analysis', 'parenting']","['Tycho J Dekkers', 'Rianne Hornstra', 'Saskia van der Oord', 'Marjolein Luman', 'Pieter J Hoekstra', 'Annabeth P Groenman', 'Barbara J van den Hoofdakker']","[StringElement('Behavioral parent training is an evidence-based intervention for children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but it is unknown which of its components are most effective. This meta-regression analysis investigated which specific behavioral techniques that parents learn in parent training are associated with effects on parental outcomes.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A search was performed for randomized controlled trials on parent training for children with ADHD, with positive parenting, negative parenting, parenting sense of competence, parent-child relationship quality, and parental mental health as outcome measures. After screening 23,026 publications, 29 studies contributing 138 effect sizes were included (N\xa0= 2,345). For each study, the dosage of 39 behavioral techniques was derived from intervention manuals, and meta-regression determined which techniques were related to outcomes.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Parent training had robust small- to medium-sized positive effects on all parental outcomes relative to control conditions, both for unblinded and probably blinded measures. A higher dosage of techniques focusing on the manipulation of antecedents of behavior was associated with better outcomes on parenting sense of competence and parental mental health, and a higher dosage of techniques focusing on reinforcement of desired behaviors was related to larger decreases in negative parenting. Higher dosages of psychoeducation were negatively related to parental outcomes.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Although techniques were not investigated in isolation, the results suggested that manipulation of antecedents of behavior and reinforcement techniques are key components of parent training for children with ADHD in relation to parental outcomes. These exploratory findings may help to strengthen and tailor parent training interventions for children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"31886682,Early substance use in the pathway from childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) to young adult substance use: Evidence of statistical mediation and substance specificity.,[],"['Andrea L Howard', 'Traci M Kennedy', 'John T Mitchell', 'Margaret H Sibley', 'Stephen P Hinshaw', 'L Eugene Arnold', 'Arunima Roy', 'Annamarie Stehli', 'James M Swanson', 'Brooke S G Molina']","['This study tested whether early and developmentally atypical substance use mediates risk for adult substance use among children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and whether that risk is substance-specific. Participants were children with ADHD previously enrolled in a randomized controlled trial (RCT), and a demographically similar non-ADHD group, assessed at 2 through 16 years after the original RCT baseline. Self-reports of heavy drinking, marijuana use, daily smoking, and other illicit drug use were collected at follow-ups to establish atypically early and frequent use. Models estimated statistically mediated effects of childhood ADHD on adult substance use via early substance involvement, with planned comparisons to evaluate substance specificity. Results supported the mediation hypothesis, showing that childhood ADHD was associated with more frequent adult substance use via early substance involvement for marijuana, cigarettes, illicit drugs, and to a lesser extent, alcohol. Mediation was not escalated by comorbid childhood conduct disorder or oppositional defiant disorder except for early use of nonmarijuana illicit drugs. Substance-specificity in the mediational pathway was largely absent except for cigarette use, where ADHD-related early smoking most strongly predicted adult daily smoking. Findings from this study provide new evidence that atypically early substance use associated with childhood ADHD signals important cross-drug vulnerability by early adulthood, but cigarette use at a young age is especially associated with increased risk for habitual (daily) smoking specifically. Efforts to prevent, delay, or reduce substance experimentation should occur early and focus on factors relevant to multiple drugs of abuse in this at-risk population. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights reserved).']"32634814,"International Consensus Statement for the Screening, Diagnosis, and Treatment of Adolescents with Concurrent Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Substance Use Disorder.","['Adolescents', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Consensus statement', 'Substance use disorder']","['Heval Özgen', 'Renske Spijkerman', 'Moritz Noack', 'Martin Holtmann', 'Arnt S A Schellekens', 'Geurt van de Glind', 'Tobias Banaschewski', 'Csaba Barta', 'Alex Begeman', 'Miguel Casas', 'Cleo L Crunelle', 'Constanza Daigre Blanco', 'Søren Dalsgaard', 'Zsolt Demetrovics', 'Jacomine den Boer', 'Geert Dom', 'Valsamma Eapen', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Johan Franck', 'Rafael A González', 'Lara Grau-López', 'Annabeth P Groenman', 'Malin Hemphälä', 'Romain Icick', 'Brian Johnson', 'Michael Kaess', 'Máté Kapitány-Fövény', 'John G Kasinathan', 'Sharlene S Kaye', 'Falk Kiefer', 'Maija Konstenius', 'Frances R Levin', 'Mathias Luderer', 'Giovanni Martinotti', 'Frieda I A Matthys', 'Gergely Meszaros', 'Franz Moggi', 'Ashmita P Munasur-Naidoo', 'Marianne Post', 'Sharon Rabinovitz', 'J Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'Regina Sala', 'Abu Shafi', 'Ortal Slobodin', 'Wouter G Staal', 'Rainer Thomasius', 'Ilse Truter', 'Michiel W van Kernebeek', 'Maria C Velez-Pastrana', 'Sabine Vollstädt-Klein', 'Florence Vorspan', 'Jesse T Young', 'Amy Yule', 'Wim van den Brink', 'Vincent Hendriks']","[StringElement('Childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a risk factor for substance misuse and substance use disorder (SUD) in adolescence and (early) adulthood. ADHD and SUD also frequently co-occur in treatment-seeking adolescents, which complicates diagnosis and treatment and is associated with poor treatment outcomes. Research on the effect of treatment of childhood ADHD on the prevention of adolescent SUD is inconclusive, and studies on the diagnosis and treatment of adolescents with ADHD and SUD are scarce. Thus, the available evidence is generally not sufficient to justify robust treatment recommendations.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The aim of the study was to obtain a consensus statement based on a combination of scientific data and clinical experience.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A modified Delphi study to reach consensus based upon the combination of scientific data and clinical experience with a multidisciplinary group of 55 experts from 17 countries. The experts were asked to rate a set of statements on the effect of treatment of childhood ADHD on adolescent SUD and on the screening, diagnosis, and treatment of adolescents with comorbid ADHD and SUD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('After 3 iterative rounds of rating and adapting 37 statements, consensus was reached on 36 of these statements representing 6 domains: general (n = 4), risk of developing SUD (n = 3), screening and diagnosis (n = 7), psychosocial treatment (n = 5), pharmacological treatment (n = 11), and complementary treatments (n = 7). Routine screening is recommended for ADHD in adolescent patients in substance abuse treatment and for SUD in adolescent patients with ADHD in mental healthcare settings. Long-acting stimulants are recommended as the first-line treatment of ADHD in adolescents with concurrent ADHD and SUD, and pharmacotherapy should preferably be embedded in psychosocial treatment. The only remaining no-consensus statement concerned the requirement of abstinence before starting pharmacological treatment in adolescents with ADHD and concurrent SUD. In contrast to the majority, some experts required full abstinence before starting any pharmacological treatment, some were against the use of stimulants in the treatment of these patients (independent of abstinence), while some were against the alternative use of bupropion.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This international consensus statement can be used by clinicians and patients together in a shared decision-making process to select the best interventions and to reach optimal outcomes in adolescent patients with concurrent ADHD and SUD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32503560,Examining the autistic traits in children and adolescents diagnosed with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and their parents.,"['ADHD', 'Autism', 'Autistic traits', 'Child', 'Parents']","['Esra Okyar', 'Işık Görker']","[StringElement('Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) are two of the most frequently-observed neurodevelopmental disorders. Autistic traits are detected frequently in children who have ADHD. This study aimed to examine autism symptoms in children diagnosed with ADHD and their parents; and also, to investigate parental risk factors that increase autistic traits in children. Besides the risk factors related to pregnancy, birth and developmental history were examined.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Two groups were created consisting of 66 children diagnosed with ADHD and 33 children not diagnosed with ADHD and their parents. Autism symptoms were screened with the Autism Behavior Checklist (ABC) in children, and Autism Spectrum Quotient (AQ) in parents. Also, Adult ADD/ADHD DSM-IV Based Diagnostic Screening and Rating Scale and Wender Utah Rating Scale (WURS) were used to determine ADHD symptoms in parents.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('It was determined that there were more autism symptoms in children who were diagnosed with ADHD than in the control group without ADHD. There were more autistic symptoms in boys and the presence of Oppositional Defiant Disorder (ODD). Although there were more ADHD symptoms in the parents of children diagnosed with ADHD, it was determined that they did not differ from parents in the control group in terms of autism symptoms. It was also determined that maternal and paternal ADHD symptoms were predictive for autism symptoms in children. It was also shown that maternal smoking during pregnancy is associated with more autistic traits.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ASD and ADHD show high levels of comorbidity. The etiology remains unclear. Both ADHD and ASD show strong hereditary transition. We found that maternal and paternal ADHD symptoms predict autism symptoms in children with ADHD. However, more studies are needed to reveal the etiology.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"30530871,Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and its Comorbid Mental Disorders: An Evaluation of their Labor Market Outcomes.,[],"['Joseph Hartge', 'Patricia Toledo']","[StringElement(""Attention-deficit/hyper-activity disorder's (ADHD) prevalence rate has been increasing during the last decade. Evidence from different studies suggests that the effect of ADHD on earnings and employment could be more detrimental than other disorders such as depression or anxiety. Although it is widely known that these mental disorders can coexist with ADHD, none of these studies has considered the joint evaluation of ADHD and its comorbidities."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('In this paper, we evaluate whether ADHD is a more severe disorder than three other comorbid mental disorders -- learning disabilities, depression, and anxiety -- regarding their effects on earnings and employment.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We use the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent to Adult Health to estimate regression models of earnings and employment. We consider the use of the sampling weights, school fixed effects, and multiple imputation of missing values. Robustness checks include a more exogenous measure of depression.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('On average, an individual with ADHD or depression (but not both) has around 20% lower earnings than those without any of these disorders. The earnings gap for learning disabilities is around 25%. The probability of being employed is 5 percentage points lower for an individual who has any of these disorders. Anxiety is not associated with lower earnings. Females with learning disabilities have an earnings gap that is 20 percentage points larger than males. The employment gap for females or African Americans with learning disabilities is 8%.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In contrast to existing evidence, we find that ADHD is not more serious than learning disabilities or depression. Although the magnitude of each employment gap is not substantial, the fact that these are comorbid disorders indicates that their joint occurrence could be detrimental for employment. Females and African Americans with learning disabilities could face more adverse labor market outcomes. Even though our results are robust to a more exogenous measure of depression, the potential endogeneity of the diagnosis of ADHD or anxiety could still bias the estimates. However, baseline results are also robust when individuals with an age of diagnosis equal to the year of the interview are dropped from the estimations.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION AND LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('The increasing number of Supplemental Security Income beneficiaries with ADHD is in line with the observed tendency to screen for ADHD more frequently than for other comorbid disorders, and with the evidence of ADHD overdiagnosis. Since our study shows that other disorders are equally or potentially more disabling than ADHD in terms of labor market outcomes, mental health policies should be reoriented to prevent policies targeting ADHD from crowding out those for other mental disorders. It would be interesting to verify our findings using a more recent cohort with a higher rate of ADHD diagnosis. Since we show that there are unexplained gender and race differences that persist after controlling for educational attainment or the number of hours worked, more research is needed to determine the reason behind these differences. Further research about the positive school effect on the adulthood performance of ADHD children is needed.', attributes={'Label': 'IMPLICATIONS FOR HEALTH POLICY AND FOR FUTURE RESEARCH'})]"31103523,Neuroinflammation as a risk factor for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Maternal immune activation', 'Neurodevelopmental']","['Geoffrey A Dunn', 'Joel T Nigg', 'Elinor L Sullivan']","['Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a persistent, and impairing pediatric-onset neurodevelopmental condition. Its high prevalence, and recurrent controversy over its widespread identification and treatment, drive strong interest in its etiology and mechanisms. Emerging evidence for a role for neuroinflammation in ADHD pathophysiology is of great interest. This evidence includes 1) the above-chance comorbidity of ADHD with inflammatory and autoimmune disorders, 2) initial studies indicating an association with ADHD and increased serum cytokines, 3) preliminary evidence from genetic studies demonstrating associations between polymorphisms in genes associated with inflammatory pathways and ADHD, 4) emerging evidence that early life exposure to environmental factors may increase risk for ADHD via an inflammatory mechanism, and 5) mechanistic evidence from animal models of maternal immune activation documenting behavioral and neural outcomes consistent with ADHD. Prenatal exposure to inflammation is associated with changes in offspring brain development including reductions in cortical gray matter volume and the volume of certain cortical areas -parallel to observations associated with ADHD. Alterations in neurotransmitter systems, including the dopaminergic, serotonergic and glutamatergic systems, are observed in ADHD populations. Animal models provide strong evidence that development and function of these neurotransmitters systems are sensitive to exposure to in utero inflammation. In summary, accumulating evidence from human studies and animal models, while still incomplete, support a potential role for neuroinflammation in the pathophysiology of ADHD. Confirmation of this association and the underlying mechanisms have become valuable targets for research. If confirmed, such a picture may be important in opening new intervention routes.']"31691190,ICP-MS Assessment of Hair Essential Trace Elements and Minerals in Russian Preschool and Primary School Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,"['Attention', 'Hyperactivity', 'Magnesium', 'Manganese', 'Zinc']","['Alexey A Tinkov', 'Anna L Mazaletskaya', 'Olga P Ajsuvakova', 'Geir Bjørklund', 'Pai-Tsang Huang', 'Lyubov N Chernova', 'Andrey A Skalny', 'Anatoly V Skalny']","['The objective of the present study was to investigate the relationship between hair essential trace element and mineral content and ADHD in preschool (4-6 years old) and primary school children (6-10 years old) in relation to age and gender. Hair essential trace element and mineral content in 90 Russian children with ADHD and 90 age- and gender-matched neurotypical controls were assessed using inductively coupled plasma mass-spectrometry after microwave digestion. The obtained data demonstrate that hair Co, Cu, Mn, Si, and Zn contents in ADHD children was significantly reduced by 18%, 10%, 27%, 16%, and 19% as compared to the control values, respectively. The most significant decrease in children with ADHD was observed for hair Mg levels, being 29% lower than those in neurotypical children. After adjustment for age and gender, the observed difference in hair element content was more characteristic for preschool children and girls, respectively. Multiple linear regression analysis demonstrated that in a crude model (hair element levels as predictors), only hair Zn content was significantly inversely associated with ADHD (β = - 0.169; p = 0.025). Adjustment for anthropometric parameters (model 2) did not increase the predictive ability of the model, although it improved the association between hair Zn and ADHD in children (β = - 0.194; p = 0.014). Hypothetically, the observed alterations may at least partially contribute to neurobehavioral disturbances in children with ADHD. Moreover, the results of the present study raise the question about the potential benefits of Zn and Mg supplementation in children with ADHD. However, further detailed studies are required to investigate micronutrient deficiencies in ADHD.']"33512815,Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms and quality of life in female patients with fibromyalgia,"['Adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'fibromyalgia', 'quality of life']",['Gözde Türkoğlu'],"[StringElement('The present study aimed to determine the association between attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)\nsymptoms severity, fibromyalgia (FM) severity, and QoL.', attributes={'Label': 'Background/aim'}), StringElement('While the FM group consisted of 113 (74%) patients, the control group consisted of 40 (26%) individuals. FM symptom severity, ADHD symptom severity, and QoL were evaluated using the fibromyalgia impact questionnaire (FIQ), adult ADHD self-report scale (ASRS), and World Health Organization quality of life scale-brief version (WHOQOL-BREF), respectively.', attributes={'Label': 'Materials and methods'}), StringElement('It was found that the FM group had significantly higher scores on the ASRS than the control group (p < 0.05). There was a significant difference in FIQ scores and three WHOQOL-BREF domain scores between the FM alone and comorbid FM/high probability of ADHD groups (p < 0.05). We found a negative correlation between ASRS total scores and all other scale scores (except for the social relationships domain score of the WHOQOL-BREF) and a positive correlation between ASRS total scores and FIQ scores in FM patients. ADHD scores would mediate the relationship between depression severity and QoL.', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('Our findings indicated that the presence of ADHD symptoms was related to greater FM symptom severity and poorer QoL. Also, ADHD scores would mediate the relationship between depression severity and QoL.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions'})]"31222721,Social skills training for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children aged 5 to 18 years.,[],"['Ole Jakob Storebø', 'Mette Elmose Andersen', 'Maria Skoog', 'Signe Joost Hansen', 'Erik Simonsen', 'Nadia Pedersen', 'Britta Tendal', 'Henriette E Callesen', 'Erlend Faltinsen', 'Christian Gluud']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children is associated with hyperactivity and impulsivity, attention problems, and difficulties with social interactions. Pharmacological treatment may alleviate the symptoms of ADHD but this rarely solves difficulties with social interactions. Children with ADHD may benefit from interventions designed to improve their social skills. We examined the benefits and harms of social skills training on social skills, emotional competencies, general behaviour, ADHD symptoms, performance in school of children with ADHD, and adverse events.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To assess the beneficial and harmful effects of social skills training in children and adolescents with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('In July 2018, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, 4 other databases and two trials registers.We also searched online conference abstracts, and contacted experts in the field for information about unpublished or ongoing randomised clinical trials. We did not limit our searches by language, year of publication, or type or status of publication, and we sought translation of the relevant sections of non-English language articles.', attributes={'Label': 'SEARCH METHODS'}), StringElement('Randomised clinical trials investigating social skills training versus either no intervention or waiting-list control, with or without pharmacological treatment of both comparison groups of children and adolescents with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'SELECTION CRITERIA'}), StringElement('We conducted the review in accordance with the Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Intervention. We performed the analyses using Review Manager 5 software and Trial Sequential Analysis. We assessed bias according to domains for systematic errors. We assessed the certainty of the evidence with the GRADE approach.', attributes={'Label': 'DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS'}), StringElement('We included 25 randomised clinical trials described in 45 reports. The trials included a total of 2690 participants aged between five and 17 years. In 17 trials, participants were also diagnosed with various comorbidities.The social skills interventions were described as: 1) social skills training, 2) cognitive behavioural therapy, 3) multimodal behavioural/psychosocial therapy, 4) child life and attention skills treatment, 5) life skills training, 6) the ""challenging horizon programme"", 7) verbal self-instruction, 8) meta-cognitive training, 9) behavioural therapy, 10) behavioural and social skills treatment, and 11) psychosocial treatment. The control interventions were no intervention or waiting list.The duration of the interventions ranged from five weeks to two years. We considered the content of the social skills interventions\xa0to be comparable and based on a cognitive-behavioural model.\xa0Most of the trials compared child social skills training or parent training combined with medication versus medication alone. Some of the experimental interventions also included teacher consultations.More than half of the trials were at high risk of bias for generation of the allocation sequence and allocation concealment. No trial reported on blinding of participants and personnel. Most of the trials did not report on differences between groups in medication for comorbid disorders. We used all eligible trials in the meta-analyses, but downgraded the certainty of the evidence to low or very low.We found no clinically relevant treatment effect of social skills interventions on the primary outcome measures: teacher-rated social skills at end of treatment (standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.11, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.00 to 0.22; 11 trials, 1271 participants; I<sup>2</sup> = 0%; P = 0.05); teacher-rated emotional competencies at end of treatment (SMD -0.02, 95% CI -0.72 to 0.68; two trials, 129 participants; I<sup>2</sup> = 74%; P = 0.96); or on teacher-rated general behaviour (SMD -0.06 (negative value better), 95% CI -0.19 to 0.06; eight trials, 1002 participants; I<sup>2</sup> = 0%; P = 0.33). The effect on the primary outcome, teacher-rated social skills at end of treatment, corresponds to a MD of 1.22 points on the social skills rating system (SSRS) scale (95% CI 0.09 to 2.36). The minimal clinical relevant difference (10%) on the SSRS is 10.0 points (range 0 to 102 points on SSRS).We found evidence in favour of social skills training on teacher-rated core ADHD symptoms at end of treatment for all eligible trials (SMD -0.26, 95% CI -0.47 to -0.05; 14 trials, 1379 participants; I<sup>2</sup>= 69%; P = 0.02), but the finding is questionable due to lack of support from sensitivity analyses, high risk of bias, lack of clinical significance, high heterogeneity, and low certainty.The studies did not report any serious or non-serious adverse events.', attributes={'Label': 'MAIN RESULTS'}), StringElement('The review suggests that there is little evidence to support or refute social skills training for children and adolescents with ADHD. We may need more trials that are at low risk of bias and a sufficient number of participants to determine the efficacy of social skills training versus no training for ADHD. The evidence base regarding adolescents is especially weak.', attributes={'Label': ""AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS""})]"32166459,Clinical Subtypes in Children with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder According to Their Child Behavior Checklist Profile.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Child behavior checklist', 'Classification', 'Cluster analysis', 'Comorbidity']","['Daisuke Katsuki', 'Hiroshi Yamashita', 'Kenichi Yamane', 'Shigenobu Kanba', 'Keiko Yoshida']","['This study sought to identify subgroups of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) defined by specific patterns of emotional and behavioral symptoms according to the parent-rated Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL). Our clinical sample comprised 314 children (aged 4 to 15\xa0years) diagnosed with ADHD according to the DSM-5. In addition, comorbid psychiatric disorders, general functioning, and medication status were assessed. Cluster analysis was performed on the CBCL syndrome subscales and yielded a solution with four distinct subgroups. The ""High internalizing/externalizing"" group displayed an overlap between internalizing and externalizing problems in the CBCL profile. In addition, the ""High internalizing/externalizing"" group revealed a high rate of comorbid autism spectrum disorder and elevated autistic traits. The ""Inattention and internalizing"" group revealed a high rate of the predominantly inattentive presentation according to ADHD specifier from the DSM-5. The ""Aggression and externalizing"" group revealed a high rate of comorbid oppositional defiant disorder and conduct disorder. The ""Less psychopathology"" group scored low on all syndrome scales. Children with ADHD were subdivided into four distinct subgroups characterized by psychopathological patterns, with and without internalizing and externalizing problems. The overlap between internalizing and externalizing problems may be mediated with emotional dysregulation and associated neurobiological bases.']"32918530,Observing Visual Attention and Writing Behaviors During a Writing Assessment: Comparing Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder to Peers with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Typically Developing Peers.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'education', 'engagement', 'writing']","['Matthew Carl Zajic', 'Emily Jane Solari', 'Nancy Susan McIntyre', 'Lindsay Lerro', 'Peter Clive Mundy']","['Children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) demonstrate heterogeneous writing skills that are generally lower than their typically developing (TD) peers and similar to peers with attention difficulties like attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Recent evidence suggests children with ASD spend less time engaging in writing tasks compared to their peers, but previous studies have not examined engagement specifically within the writing task environment. This study used video observation data collected from 121 school-age children (60 children with ASD, 32 children with ADHD, and 29 TD children) to compare differences in visual attention and writing task behaviors and relationships between task behaviors and age, cognitive skills, and ASD and ADHD symptom severity. Findings indicated that groups mostly spent time looking at and writing on the draft, though this was lowest in the ASD group. No differences were found between the ASD and ADHD groups after accounting for task behavior durations as percentages of total used task time. Groups spent little time looking at their outlines and looking away from the task, with all groups spending relatively more time looking at the task picture. Time spent engaged with the draft showed a positive relationship with writing performance across groups, but a negative relationship between time spent looking at the task picture and writing performance only appeared for the ADHD group. The ASD and ADHD groups showed negative associations between draft engagement and ASD symptom severity but not ADHD symptom severity. Implications are discussed for understanding writing task engagement in research and instructional contexts. LAY SUMMARY: Children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) demonstrate variable writing skills. Here, we examine how children with ASD engage during a writing task by using video observation data to compare their engagement to peers with and without attention difficulties. Findings indicate (a) lower draft engagement and similar task disengagement in children with ASD compared to their peers and (b) moderate-to-strong relationships between writing scores and ASD symptom severity with within-task engagement in children with ASD and their peers with attention difficulties.']"33464761,Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and epilepsy.,[],"['Sylvain Rheims', 'Stephane Auvin']","[StringElement('Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a frequent comorbidity in patients with epilepsy and is associated with important psychosocial and academic consequences. Evidence are now available to guide diagnosis and treatment of patients with both ADHD and epilepsy.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE OF REVIEW'}), StringElement('The prevalence of ADHD varies from 12 to 39% in patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy to 70% in drug-resistant epilepsy. The diagnosis of ADHD requires parent-validated and teacher-validated rating scales, based on the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM)-IV and DSM-V, to confirm the information in the rating scales by interviewing parents and to exclude other causes of symptoms. Treatment with methylphenidate is associated with clinically significant improvement of ADHD symptoms in 60-75% of patients. Recent data reinforce the hypothesis that ADHD medications do not increase risk of seizures, even in patients with epilepsy. Beyond pharmacological management, experts have recommended to include multidisciplinary involvement in transition clinics for patients with both comorbid ADHD and epilepsy.', attributes={'Label': 'RECENT FINDINGS'}), StringElement('Management of ADHD in patients with epilepsy requires implementation of evidence-based data in clinical practice both for diagnosis and treatment. Currently, there is no specific treatment of ADHD associated with epilepsy and its treatment is based on the usual treatments of ADHD, with reassuring data about their safety in epilepsy.', attributes={'Label': 'SUMMARY'})]"33843998,Overdiagnosis of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Children and Adolescents: A Systematic Scoping Review.,[],"['Luise Kazda', 'Katy Bell', 'Rae Thomas', 'Kevin McGeechan', 'Rebecca Sims', 'Alexandra Barratt']","[StringElement('Reported increases in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) diagnoses are accompanied by growing debate about the underlying factors. Although overdiagnosis is often suggested, no comprehensive evaluation of evidence for or against overdiagnosis has ever been undertaken and is urgently needed to enable evidence-based, patient-centered diagnosis and treatment of ADHD in contemporary health services.', attributes={'Label': 'Importance'}), StringElement('To systematically identify, appraise, and synthesize the evidence on overdiagnosis of ADHD in children and adolescents using a published 5-question framework for detecting overdiagnosis in noncancer conditions.', attributes={'Label': 'Objective'}), StringElement('This systematic scoping review adhered to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) Extension for Scoping Reviews and Joanna Briggs Methodology, including the PRISMA-ScR Checklist. MEDLINE, Embase, PsychINFO, and the Cochrane Library databases were searched for studies published in English between January 1, 1979, and August 21, 2020. Studies of children and adolescents (aged ≤18 years) with ADHD that focused on overdiagnosis plus studies that could be mapped to 1 or more framework question were included. Two researchers independently reviewed all abstracts and full-text articles, and all included studies were assessed for quality.', attributes={'Label': 'Evidence Review'}), StringElement('Of the 12\u202f267 potentially relevant studies retrieved, 334 (2.7%) were included. Of the 334 studies, 61 (18.3%) were secondary and 273 (81.7%) were primary research articles. Substantial evidence of a reservoir of ADHD was found in 104 studies, providing a potential for diagnoses to increase (question 1). Evidence that actual ADHD diagnosis had increased was found in 45 studies (question 2). Twenty-five studies showed that these additional cases may be on the milder end of the ADHD spectrum (question 3), and 83 studies showed that pharmacological treatment of ADHD was increasing (question 4). A total of 151 studies reported on outcomes of diagnosis and pharmacological treatment (question 5). However, only 5 studies evaluated the critical issue of benefits and harms among the additional, milder cases. These studies supported a hypothesis of diminishing returns in which the harms may outweigh the benefits for youths with milder symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'Findings'}), StringElement('This review found evidence of ADHD overdiagnosis and overtreatment in children and adolescents. Evidence gaps remain and future research is needed, in particular research on the long-term benefits and harms of diagnosing and treating ADHD in youths with milder symptoms; therefore, practitioners should be mindful of these knowledge gaps, especially when identifying these individuals and to ensure safe and equitable practice and policy.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions and Relevance'})]"34274892,Clinical and neuropsychological characteristics of children with epilepsy and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Children', 'Continuous performance test', 'Epilepsy', 'Parenting stress', 'Sleep problem']","['Kee Jeong Park', 'Min-Jee Kim', 'Mi-Sun Yum', 'Tae-Sung Ko', 'Hyo-Won Kim']","[StringElement('This study aimed to explore the clinical and neuropsychological characteristics-cognition, behavior, parenting-related stress, and sleep-of children with epilepsy, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), or both.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""We retrospectively reviewed the electronic medical records of 33 children with epilepsy and ADHD, 113 with epilepsy alone, and 294 with ADHD alone. The children were required to complete the Advanced Test of Attention (ATA), and their parents completed the ADHD Rating Scale (ARS), Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL), Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ), Disruptive Behavior Disorder (DBD) Scale (DBD), Social Responsiveness Scale (SRS), and Parenting Stress Index-Short Form (PSI-SF)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Auditory Commission Errors made during the ATA were higher in children with epilepsy and ADHD than in those with epilepsy alone. On the SRS, all the subscales except Social Awareness were significantly higher in children with epilepsy and ADHD or ADHD alone than in those with epilepsy alone. The Oppositional Defiant and Conduct Disorder subscales on DBD, Attention Problems, and Aggressive Behaviors on CBCL were significantly higher in children with both epilepsy and ADHD than in those with epilepsy alone. The Parent-Child Dysfunctional Interaction subscales on the PSI-SF were significantly greater in children with both epilepsy and ADHD than in those with epilepsy alone. The subscales on the CSHQ did not significantly differ between children with both epilepsy and ADHD and those with epilepsy alone.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In children with epilepsy, comorbid ADHD was associated with negative effects on response inhibition, aggressive behavior, and parenting-related stress.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31871309,Association of Childhood Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms with Academic and Psychopathological Outcomes in Indian College Students: a Retrospective Survey.,"['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'India']","['T S Jaisoorya', 'G Desai', 'B S Nair', 'A Rani', 'P G Menon', 'K Thennarasu']","[StringElement('To survey the prevalence of retrospectively recalled clinically significant symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in childhood and determine the association of ADHD symptoms in childhood with current academic achievement and psychopathological outcomes among college students in the state of Kerala, India.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A self-administered questionnaire was distributed to 5784 students from 58 colleges selected by cluster random sampling. The Barkley Adult ADHD Rating Scale-IV was used for recollection of childhood ADHD symptoms; a total score of ≥60 (indicating the 99 percentile) was taken as the cut-off for clinically significant ADHD symptoms in childhood. The Alcohol, Smoking and Substance Involvement Screening Test was used to assess lifetime use of alcohol and tobacco. The Kessler Psychological Distress Scale was used to assess non-specific psychological distress. Lifetime suicidality and exposure to sexual abuse were assessed by asking relevant questions. Students who recalled having clinically significant ADHD symptoms in childhood were compared with those who did not.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of 5784 students, 639 (11.5%) did not complete the questionnaire. Of the remaining 5145 students, 1750 (34.8%) were men and 3395 (65.2%) were women, with a mean age of 19.4 years. 143 (2.8%) students reported clinically significant ADHD symptoms in childhood. Childhood ADHD symptoms were significantly more common in men and in those living in urban areas. In the bivariate analysis, those with clinically significant ADHD symptoms in childhood had significantly higher odds of poorer academic performance, alcohol use, tobacco use, psychological distress, suicidal thoughts, suicidal attempts, and contact and non-contact sexual abuse, after adjusting for sex and residence.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Clinical evaluation and appropriate management may be warranted for adults who retrospectively recall clinically significant ADHD symptoms in childhood.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33893938,Alcohol and Tobacco use While Breastfeeding and Risk of Autism Spectrum Disorder or Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Alcohol', 'Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism spectrum disorder', 'Breastfeeding', 'Tobacco']","['Louisa Gibson', 'Melanie Porter']","['Research has linked prenatal alcohol and tobacco use with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), and variably with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). Lactational use has been scantly considered. This study examined whether it may alter ADHD or ASD risk. Participants were 5107 infants recruited in 2004 and assessed longitudinally for the Growing Up in Australia Study. Logistic regression did not find any associations between maternal alcohol and tobacco use while breastfeeding and ADHD or ASD diagnosis at ages 6-7 or 10-11\xa0years. Alcohol and tobacco use during lactation may not increase ADHD or ASD risk. Abstaining from alcohol and tobacco, however, may still be the safest option. Analyses were limited by lack of alcohol timing and retrospective variables that future research should address.']"26846227,A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Neuroimaging in Oppositional Defiant Disorder (ODD) and Conduct Disorder (CD) Taking Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Into Account.,"['ADHD', 'ALE meta-analysis', 'CD', 'Functional MRI', 'ODD', 'Structural MRI']","['Siri D S Noordermeer', 'Marjolein Luman', 'Jaap Oosterlaan']","['Oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) and conduct disorder (CD) are common behavioural disorders in childhood and adolescence and are associated with brain abnormalities. This systematic review and meta-analysis investigates structural (sMRI) and functional MRI (fMRI) findings in individuals with ODD/CD with and without attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Online databases were searched for controlled studies, resulting in 12 sMRI and 17 fMRI studies. In line with current models on ODD/CD, studies were classified in hot and cool executive functioning (EF). Both the meta-analytic and narrative reviews showed evidence of smaller brain structures and lower brain activity in individuals with ODD/CD in mainly hot EF-related areas: bilateral amygdala, bilateral insula, right striatum, left medial/superior frontal gyrus, and left precuneus. Evidence was present in both structural and functional studies, and irrespective of the presence of ADHD comorbidity. There is strong evidence that abnormalities in the amygdala are specific for ODD/CD as compared to ADHD, and correlational studies further support the association between abnormalities in the amygdala and ODD/CD symptoms. Besides the left precuneus, there was no evidence for abnormalities in typical cool EF related structures, such as the cerebellum and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Resulting areas are associated with emotion-processing, error-monitoring, problem-solving and self-control; areas associated with neurocognitive and behavioural deficits implicated in ODD/CD. Our findings confirm the involvement of hot, and to a smaller extent cool, EF associated brain areas in ODD/CD, and support an integrated model for ODD/CD (e.g. Blair, Development and Psychopathology, 17(3), 865-891, 2005). ']"30142575,Association between sensory modulation and daily activity function of children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and children with typical development.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Child development', 'Daily activity', 'Sensory modulation']","['Aviva Mimouni-Bloch', 'Hagar Offek', 'Sara Rosenblum', 'Idit Posener', 'Zmira Silman', 'Batya Engel-Yeger']","[StringElement('The severity of the functional difficulties of children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is heterogeneous and may be affected by measurable factors.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To characterize subgroups of children with ADHD with or without sensory modulation difficulties (SMD) and the association between sensory modulation and daily activity function in children with ADHD and children with typical development.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""38 children with ADHD and 39 controls (ages 8-11) were recruited and assessed, using the Conner's Parent Rating Scale-Revised: Short Form, the Short Sensory Profile (SSP) and the Children Activity Scale for Parents (ChAS-P)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The total SSP score of the ADHD group was lower (142.13 vs. 180.08; t=-8.23, p\u2009<\u20090.001) with a higher proportion of SMD (65.8% vs. 2.6%, χ<sup>2</sup>\u2009=\u200934.46, p\u2009<\u20090.001). The daily function of children with ADHD was lower than controls (mean ChAS-P: 3.95 vs. 4.78, p\u2009<\u20090.001). The difference was significant for children with ADHD and SMD (3.70 versus 4.81, p\u2009<\u20090.001), but not significant for children with ADHD and typical SSP (4.42 versus 4.81, p=0.35).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In this pilot study, we found that SMD, in children with ADHD is correlated with daily activity consequences. Hence, it should be evaluated in children with ADHD and addressed in their treatment plan.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33421841,Identifying the impact of the confinement of Covid-19 on emotional-mood and behavioural dimensions in children and adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity/impulsivity disorder', 'Behavioral problems', 'Covid-19', 'Distress', 'Lockdown', 'Mood state']","['M G Melegari', 'M Giallonardo', 'R Sacco', 'L Marcucci', 'S Orecchio', 'O Bruni']","['The current study examined the impact of the lockdown due to the Covid-19 disease on mood state and behaviours of children and adolescents with ADHD. Nine hundred ninety-two parents of children and adolescents with ADHD filled out an anonymous online survey through the ADHD family association website. The survey investigated the degree of severity of six emotional and mood states (sadness, boredom, little enjoyment/interest, irritability, temper tantrums, anxiety) and five disrupted behaviours (verbal and physical aggression, argument, opposition, restlessness) based on their frequency/week (absent; low: 1-2 days/week; moderate: 3-4 days/week; severe: 5-7 days/week) before and during the lockdown. Important fluctuations were found in all dimensions during the lockdown independently by the severity degree. Subjects with previous low severity degree of these behaviors significantly worsened in almost all dimensions during the lockdown. On the contrary, ADHD patients with moderate and severe degree showed important improvement during the lockdown. Little enjoyment/interests and boredom resulted the dimensions more strongly affected by the condition of restriction, overall in children. Children vs. adolescents showed substantially similar trend but the former resulted significantly more vulnerable to emotive changes. The results provided both the individuation of domains affected, and the indirect benefits produced by restriction condition.']"31987492,Medication for Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Risk for Suicide Attempts.,"['ADHD', 'ADHD medication', 'Cohort study', 'Real-world evidence', 'Stimulants', 'Suicide attempt']","['Zheng Chang', 'Patrick D Quinn', ""Lauren O'Reilly"", 'Arvid Sjölander', 'Kwan Hur', 'Robert Gibbons', 'Henrik Larsson', ""Brian M D'Onofrio""]","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a risk factor for suicidal behavior, but the effect of ADHD medication on suicidal behavior remains unclear. This study aimed to examine the associations between medication treatment for ADHD and risk of suicide attempts.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We identified a large cohort of patients with ADHD (N\xa0= 3,874,728, 47.8% female patients) using data from commercial health care claims from 2005 to 2014 in the United States. We used population-level and within-individual analyses to compare risk of suicide attempts during months when individuals received prescribed stimulant or nonstimulant medication relative to months when they did not receive medication.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In both population-level and within-individual analyses, ADHD medication was associated with lower odds of suicide attempts (odds ratio [OR], 0.69; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.66-0.73; and OR, 0.61; 95% CI, 0.57-0.66, respectively). Similar reductions were found in children to middle-aged adults and in clinically relevant subgroups, including patients with ADHD with preexisting depression or substance use disorder. The reduction was mainly seen for stimulant medication (OR, 0.72; 95% CI, 0.66-0.77); nonstimulant medication was not associated with statistically significant changes in risk of suicide attempts (OR, 0.94; 95% CI, 0.74-1.19). Sensitivity analyses assessing the influence of different exposure definitions, different outcome definitions, subsets of the cohort, and different analytic approaches provided comparable results.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Stimulant medication was associated with a reduced risk of suicide attempts in patients with ADHD, and nonstimulant medication is unlikely to increase the risk of suicide attempts.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32334619,Inattention and hyperactive/impulsive component scores do not differentiate between autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in a clinical sample.,"['ADHD', 'ASD', 'Co-morbidity', 'Gender', 'Principle component analysis', 'Symptoms']","['Aneta D Krakowski', 'Katherine Tombeau Cost', 'Evdokia Anagnostou', 'Meng-Chuan Lai', 'Jennifer Crosbie', 'Russell Schachar', 'Stelios Georgiades', 'Eric Duku', 'Peter Szatmari']","[StringElement('Although there is high co-occurrence between ASD and ADHD, the nature of this co-occurrence remains unclear. Our study aimed to examine the underlying relationship between ASD and ADHD symptoms in a combined sample of children with a primary clinical diagnosis of ASD or ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Participants included children and youth (aged 3-20\u2009years) with a clinical diagnosis of ASD (n = 303) or ADHD (n = 319) for a total of 622 participants. Parents of these children completed the social communication questionnaire (SCQ), a measure of autism symptoms, and the strengths and weaknesses of ADHD and normal behavior (SWAN) questionnaire, a measure of ADHD symptoms. A principal component analysis (PCA) was performed on combined SCQ and SWAN items, followed by a profile analysis comparing normalized component scores between diagnostic groups and gender.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('PCA revealed a four-component solution (inattention, hyperactivity/impulsivity, social-communication, and restricted, repetitive, behaviors, and interests (RRBI)), with no overlap between SCQ and SWAN items in the components. Children with ASD had higher component scores in social-communication and RRBI than children with ADHD, while there was no difference in inattentive and hyperactive/impulsive scores between diagnostic groups. Males had higher scores than females in social-communication, RRBI, and hyperactivity/impulsivity components in each diagnostic group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We did not formally assess children with ASD for ADHD using our research-criteria for ADHD, and vice versa. High rates of co-occurring ADHD in ASD, for example, may have inflated component scores in inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity. A disadvantage with using single informant-based reports (i.e., parent-rated questionnaires) is that ASD and ADHD symptoms may be difficult to distinguish by parents, and may be interpreted differently between parents and clinicians.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('ASD and ADHD items loaded on separate components in our sample, suggesting that the measurement structure cannot explain the covariation between the two disorders in clinical samples. High levels of inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity were seen in both ASD and ADHD in our clinical sample. This supports the need for a dimensional framework that examines neurodevelopmental domains across traditional diagnostic boundaries. Females also had lower component scores across social-communication, RRBI, and hyperactivity/impulsivity than males, suggesting that there may be gender-specific phenotypes related to the two conditions.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32756485,Schoolteachers' Knowledge of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder-Current Status and Effectiveness of Knowledge Improvement Program: A Randomized Controlled Trial.,"['ADHD', 'Saudi Arabia', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'educational program intervention', 'teachers']","['Abdullah M Alshehri', 'Shehata F Shehata', 'Khalid M Almosa', 'Nabil J Awadalla']","[StringElement('Adequately knowledgeable schoolteachers can play an essential role in early detection and proper treatment of children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) at school.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""To assess the schoolteachers' knowledge of ADHD and to evaluate the effectiveness of the ADHD knowledge improvement program."", attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement(""A randomized controlled trial study design was followed on 100 primary school teachers from Abha City, Saudi Arabia. Teachers were randomly selected and allocated into trial and control groups. A self-administered questionnaire was used to evaluate teachers' knowledge about ADHD. After the baseline assessment, participants in the trial group received a two-day ADHD knowledge improvement program. Teachers' knowledge about ADHD was reassessed using the same questionnaire immediately after finishing the intervention program and after three months in both groups."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Only 16% and 22% of trial and control groups, respectively, showed adequate baseline knowledge about ADHD. Teachers' main sources of information about ADHD were the internet (67%), friends (47%), TV (34%), and reading books (23%). Knowledge of teachers in the trial group significantly improved immediately after the intervention. After three months, these knowledge benefits slightly declined but remained more adequate than those of teachers in the control group. The logistic regression model revealed that being a participant in the trial group and of higher qualification were associated with significant improvement in teachers' retained knowledge on ADHD (<i>p</i> < 0.001 and <i>p</i> = 0.050, respectively)."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""The majority of male primary school teachers in Abha City, Saudi Arabia, have inadequate knowledge about ADHD. Applying a knowledge improvement program can substantially improve their knowledge of ADHD. Consideration should be given to the integration of ADHD knowledge improvement program into teachers' educational programs."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30806088,The Sleepiness Curve of Young Men With and Without Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,[],"['Ami Cohen', 'Ori Dan', 'Kfir Asraf', 'Iris Haimov']","[""<i>Objectives</i>: The present study aimed at comparing the sleepiness curve of young men with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) to that of young men without ADHD before, during, and after a night of sleep deprivation. <i>Participants</i>: Thirty young men (age 18-30) of whom 14 were diagnosed with ADHD combined type (ADHD-C) and 16 without ADHD. <i>Methods</i>: The participants' sleep was monitored for 5\xa0days via actigraphy. Subsequently, the participants were kept continuously awake in a controlled environment for 25\xa0hr (8:00 a.m.-9:00 a.m.). The sleepiness of the participants was assessed every hour by the Karolinska Sleepiness Scale (KSS) in order to obtain the sleepiness curve of both study groups. <i>Results</i>: Actigraphy data demonstrated that the two groups did not differ in their total sleep time, sleep onset latency, or sleep efficiency during the 5 nights preceding the experimental session. However, during the experimental session, the ADHD group demonstrated higher sleepiness scores, particularly following midnight and on the morning following the night of sleep deprivation. Moreover, on the morning following sleep deprivation the proportion of participants reporting extreme levels of sleepiness (KSS\xa0>\xa07) was significantly higher in the ADHD group than in the control group. <i>Conclusions</i>: Young men with ADHD suffer from sleepiness more than their counterparts from the general population, and are particularly vulnerable to the effects of sleep deprivation on sleepiness. As excessive daytime sleepiness negatively affects cognition and increases the risk for motor vehicle crash and other accidents, these findings may have important clinical implications.""]"30477807,Elevated attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms in children who stutter.,"['Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)', 'Preschool age', 'Self-regulation', 'Stuttering']","['Kerianne Druker', 'Neville Hennessey', 'Trevor Mazzucchelli', 'Janet Beilby']","[StringElement('This study described the proportion of children who stutter who exhibit Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) symptoms, manifesting in inattentive and hyperactive/impulsive behaviours. Children who stutter with these challenging behaviours may not respond as quickly and successfully to stuttering treatment. A preliminary exploration of differences in treatment responsiveness for children with and without ADHD symptoms was undertaken.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE'}), StringElement('Participants were 185 preschool children who stutter who had completed stuttering therapy within 3 months prior to study commencement. Differences between groups of children who stutter with and without elevated ADHD symptoms were investigated, in terms of pre-treatment stuttering features (stuttering severity and typography), demographic variables (age at onset, time between onset and commencement of therapy, family history and sex) and treatment data (post-treatment stuttering severity and number of sessions to achieve discharge criteria).', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('One-half (50%) of participants exhibited elevated ADHD symptoms. These children required 25% more clinical intervention time to achieve successful fluency outcomes than children without elevated ADHD symptoms. Findings suggest that more ADHD symptoms, increased pre-treatment stuttering severity, and male sex were associated with poorer responsiveness to stuttering treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The large proportion of children exhibiting elevated ADHD symptoms, and the increase in clinical contact time required in this subgroup to achieve successful fluency outcomes, is suggestive of the need for clinicians to tailor stuttering intervention to address these concomitant behaviour challenges. Findings support the use of careful caseload management strategies to account for individual differences between children, and strengthen prognostic information available to parents and clinicians.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"30382558,How relevant is higher-order language deficit (HOLD) to children with complex presentations of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder?,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Autism spectrum disorder (ASD)', 'Higher-order language deficit (HOLD)', 'Language impairment', 'Sequencing deficit']","['Rebecca Randell', 'Luke Somerville-Brown', 'Wai Chen']","[""Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is frequently associated with language impairment, autism spectrum disorder (ASD) symptoms and higher-order language deficit (HOLD); yet, their complex relationship is poorly understood. HOLD encompasses deficits in using language for reasoning, problem-solving, causal and critical thinking. This study evaluates the roles of HOLD in children with ADHD. We hypothesise that both our subgroups (ADHD-only and ADHD\u2009+\u2009'ASD traits') will have HOLD difficulties, though to a differing degree, as children with ADHD are compromised by executive function deficits, and those with additional ASD traits are further impaired by pragmatic language deficits. Data were reviewed from 36 children with ADHD (±\u2009'ASD traits'), who attended the tier 4 statewide specialist clinic for ADHD patients non-responsive to community care. HOLD was assessed by the Test of Problem Solving-3 Elementary (TOPS-3). The age of the sample ranged from 6 to 12\xa0years with a male-to-female ratio of 8:1. The rate of HOLD in our sample was 47.2% (published controls\u2009=\u200916%). Likewise, the rates of Making Inferences (50.0%, p\u2009<\u20090.001), Sequencing (44.4%, p\u2009<\u20090.001), Negative Questions (33.3%, p\u2009=\u20090.278), Problem-Solving (38.9%, p\u2009=\u20090.022), Predicting (27.8%, p\u2009=\u20090.022) and Determining Causes (30.6%, p\u2009=\u20090.022) were all elevated. When stratified, the rates in ADHD-only group and ADHD\u2009+\u2009'ASD traits' group were 37.5% and 55.0%, respectively. Children with ADHD\u2009+\u2009'ASD traits' had greater 'Sequencing' deficit. Our exploratory study confirms that HOLD is more common in children with ADHD, including deficits in Making Inferences, Sequencing, Problem-Solving, Predicting, Determining Causes and understanding Negative Questions. Our findings provide preliminary support for the potentially important role played by HOLD in neurodevelopmental disorders.""]"34961406,"Relationship between sleep problems and chronotypes of children and adolescents with attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder and serum GABA, glutamate and homocysteine levels.","['Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'GABA (gamma amminobutyric acid)', 'chronotype', 'glutamate', 'homocysteine', 'sleep problems']","['Dilşad Yıldız Miniksar', 'Mehmet Akif Cansız', 'Mahmut Kılıç', 'Ayşe Yeşim Göçmen']","[""In this study, we aimed to determine the relationship between chronotype, sleep problems and serum levels of GABA (gamma amminobutyric acid), glutamate and homocysteine in children and adolescents diagnosed with attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) as well as factors affecting this relationship. Sleep problems of 46 children and adolescents aged 7-18\xa0years diagnosed with ADHD and 30 healthy volunteers aged 7-18\xa0years were evaluated with Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ) while chronotypes were evaluated with Children's Chronotype Questionnaire (CCQ). Serum glutamate, GABA and homocysteine levels were measured using immunosorbent test (ELISA) kits. Sleep problems were significantly more common in the ADHD group compared to the control group (<i>p</i> <\xa0.001). Serum GABA, glutamate and homocysteine levels were found to be predictor biomarkers for ADHD, independent of total sleep problem score. When the homocysteine levels were above the cut-off point of 9.445\xa0µmol/L, the sensitivity in early diagnosis of ADHD was 84.8% and the specificity was 70.0%. Although ADHD is a disorder in which sleep problems are common, increased serum GABA, glutamate and homocysteine are important in diagnosing ADHD independent of ADHD-related sleep problems. Homocysteine levels may be an important predictor for the presence of ADHD.""]"30685415,[The use of strength and difficulties questionnaire in psychosocial evaluation and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder screening in preterm infants].,"['Affective symptoms', 'Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Foetal growth retardation', 'Premature infant', 'Prematuro', 'Recién nacido de muy bajo peso', 'Restricción del crecimiento intrauterino', 'Social behaviour disorders', 'Síntomas afectivos', 'Trastorno por déficit de atención e hiperactividad', 'Trastornos del comportamiento social', 'Very low birth weight infant']","['Luis Bachiller-Carnicero', 'Carmen Elia García-Soria', 'Salvador Piris-Borregas', 'Purificación Sierra-García', 'María José Torres-Valdivieso', 'Carmen Rosa Pallás-Alonso']","[StringElement('Behavioural disorders and learning disabilities are often recognised in<1,500g or<32 weeks very low birth weight (VLBW) infants. There is very limited data in the Spanish population.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To determine the presence of psychosocial disorders in preterm infants at 6 years of age, as assessed by the strength and difficulties (SDQ) questionnaire, in comparison to a reference population. To set a cut-off value to use SDQ as a screening tool for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in the preterm child.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A prospective observational study was conducted on premature children assessed at 6 years of age using the SDQ. Perinatal variables, neurodevelopment, and diagnosis of ADHD, according to the DSM-5, were collected.', attributes={'Label': 'PARTICIPANTS AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 214 children who met all the requirements, were included. When compared with the reference population they had significantly higher scores in emotional symptoms, in peer relationships, and in the total score of the test. The hyperactivity scale and the total test score are good predictors of a diagnosis of ADHD, with an area under the ROC curve of 0.83 (95% CI: 0.76-0.90) for hyperactivity, and 0.87 (95% CI: 0.80-0.93) for the total score. The scores for hyperactivity and the total test, from which the screening for ADHD could be considered positive would be≥6 and≥13 respectively, and a combination of hyperactivity≥5 and total score≥12.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Preterm children are at higher risk of emotional and peer relationship problems than those born full term. The SDQ test could be used for ADHD screening.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34444758,Individual Behavioral Reactions in the Context of Food Sensitivities in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder before and after an Oligoantigenic Diet.,"['Oligoantigenic Diet', 'adolescents', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'behavior', 'child', 'diet', 'elimination', 'food intolerance', 'nutrition']","['Elena Yorgidis', 'Lisa Beiner', 'Nicola Blazynski', 'Katja Schneider-Momm', 'Hans-Willi Clement', 'Reinhold Rauh', 'Eberhard Schulz', 'Christina Clement', 'Christian Fleischhaker']","[""The influence of food intake on behavior problems of children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) was already described in the early 20th century. Eliminating food components by using the Oligoantigenic Diet (OD) leads to reduction of ADHD symptoms for more than two-thirds of patients. The aim of our study was to reveal how to identify foods having an impact on ADHD symptomatology. Therefore, 28 children with ADHD participating in this uncontrolled, open trial were examined before and after a restricted elimination diet. They kept a daily 24-h recall nutrition and behavior journal and filled out the abbreviated Conners' scale (ACS) to identify foods which increased ADHD symptoms. The study was completed by 16 children (13 m/3 f). After four weeks of elimination diet the individual food sensitivities were identified in a reintroduction phase. A repetitive increase of ADHD symptoms by at least two points in ACS after food introduction hints at food sensitivity. Twenty-seven food sensitivity reactions were identified. Most of the participants were sensitive to more than one food. Food intolerances could not be identified without preceding OD. The combination of OD and subsequent food challenge appears as a valid method to identify individual food sensitivity in ADHD.""]"28095885,Symptoms of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) among adult eating disorder patients.,"['ADHD', 'Anorexia nervosa', 'Binge eating disorder', 'Bulimia nervosa', 'Comorbidity', 'Eating disorders', 'Prevalence', 'Purging']","['Nils Erik Svedlund', 'Claes Norring', 'Ylva Ginsberg', 'Yvonne von Hausswolff-Juhlin']","[StringElement('Very little is known about the prevalence of ADHD symptoms in Bulimia Nervosa and Binge Eating Disorder and even less in other eating disorders. This knowledge gap is of clinical importance since stimulant treatment is proven effective in Binge Eating Disorder and discussed as a treatment possibility for Bulimia Nervosa. The objective of this study was to explore the prevalence and types of self-reported ADHD symptoms in an unselected group of eating disorder patients assessed in a specialized eating disorder clinic.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('In total 1165 adults with an eating disorder were assessed with a battery of standardized instruments, for measuring inter alia ADHD screening, demographic variables, eating disorder symptoms and psychiatric comorbidity. Chi-square tests were used for categorical variables and Kruskal-Wallis tests for continuous variables.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Almost one third (31.3\xa0%) of the patients scored above the screening cut off indicating a possible ADHD. The highest prevalence rates (35-37\xa0%) were found in Bulimia Nervosa and Anorexia Nervosa bingeing/purging subtype, while Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified type 1-4 and Binge Eating Disorder patients reported slightly below average (26-31\xa0%), and Anorexia Nervosa restricting subtype patients even lower (18\xa0%). Presence of binge eating, purging, loss of control over eating and non-anorectic BMI were related to results indicating a possible ADHD. Psychiatric comorbidity correlated to ADHD symptoms without explaining the differences between eating disorder diagnoses.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('There is a high frequency of ADHD symptoms in patients with binge eating/purging eating disorders that motivates further studies, particularly concerning the effects of ADHD medication. The finding that the frequency of ADHD symptoms in anorexia nervosa with binge eating/purging is as high as in bulimia nervosa highlights the need also for this group.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33761719,"Knowledge of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder among the general public, parents, and primary school teachers.",[],"['Lai-Chu See', 'Hsin-Mei Li', 'Kuo-Yu Chao', 'Chia-Chi Chung', 'Pei-Ru Li', 'Sheue-Rong Lin']","[StringElement('We compared the knowledge of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among the general public, parents of children with ADHD, and primary school teachers and identified factors associated with ADHD knowledge in each group, separately.Secondary data analysis was made on the pre-lecture data from those (122 from the general public, 64 parents of children with ADHD, and 515 primary school teachers) attending education lectures by the Department of Public Health, New Taipei City Government, Taiwan, 2014.ADHD onset age was least known in these 3 groups. Knowledge of ADHD was significantly better among teachers (test score, 75.3%) than among parents (65.5%) and the general public (59.2%). Among the general public, the test score significantly decreased with age and was worst in those who did not know their friends or relatives with ADHD. Among parents, service workers, and retired/unemployed knew significantly less about ADHD than housewife did. Among teachers, men knew significantly less than women; those who taught children with ADHD knew significantly more than those who did not.Primary school teachers knew more about ADHD than parents and the general public. Factors associated with ADHD knowledge varied among the 3 groups.', attributes={'Label': 'ABSTRACT', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'})]"36031768,Deficiency of transmembrane AMPA receptor regulatory protein γ-8 leads to attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder-like behavior in mice.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Methylphenidate', 'Phenome-wide association study', 'Proteomics', 'TARP γ-8']","['Wan-Jun Bai', 'Xing-Guang Luo', 'Bao-Hua Jin', 'Kang-Sheng Zhu', 'Wen-Yan Guo', 'Xiao-Que Zhu', 'Xia Qin', 'Zu-Xiao Yang', 'Jiao-Jiao Zhao', 'Si-Ruan Chen', 'Ri Wang', 'Jie Hao', 'Fei Wang', 'Yun Stone Shi', 'De-Zhi Kong', 'Wei Zhang']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder prevalent in school-age children. At present, however, its etiologies and risk factors are unknown. Transmembrane α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA) receptor regulatory protein γ-8 (TARP γ-8, also known as calcium voltage-gated channel auxiliary subunit gamma 8 (CACNG8)) is an auxiliary AMPA receptor (AMPAR) subunit. Here, we report an association between TARP γ-8 and ADHD, whereby adolescent TARP γ-8 knockout (KO) mice exhibited ADHD-like behaviors, including hyperactivity, impulsivity, anxiety, impaired cognition, and memory deficits. Human single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) analysis also revealed strong associations between intronic alleles in <i>CACNG8</i> genes and ADHD susceptibility. In addition, synaptosomal proteomic analysis revealed dysfunction of the AMPA glutamate receptor complex in the hippocampi of TARP γ-8 KO mice. Proteomic analysis also revealed dysregulation of dopaminergic and glutamatergic transmissions in the prefrontal cortices of TARP γ-8 KO mice. Methylphenidate (MPH), which is commonly used to treat ADHD, significantly rescued the major behavioral deficits and abnormal synaptosomal proteins in TARP γ-8 KO mice. Notably, MPH significantly reversed the up-regulation of Grik2 and Slc6a3 in the prefrontal cortex. MPH also significantly improved synaptic AMPAR complex function by up-regulating other AMPAR auxiliary proteins in hippocampal synaptosomes. Taken together, our results suggest that TARP γ-8 is involved in the development of ADHD in humans. This study provides a useful alternative animal model with ADHD-like phenotypes related to TARP γ-8 deficiency, which has great potential for the development of new therapies.']"32994377,"Prevalence of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Among Primary School Children in Oforikrom, Ghana Based on the Disruptive Behavior Disorders Rating Scale.","['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Child', 'Ghana', 'Prevalence']","['R Anokye', 'E Acheampong', 'A Edusei', 'I Owusu', 'W K Mprah']","[StringElement('To determine the prevalence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among primary school children in Oforikrom, Kumasi, Ghana.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('10 of 35 primary schools in Oforikrom were readily available. Of 2000 children aged 5 to 13 years selected, 1540 (77%) of their parents/guardians consented to participate. Their parents/guardians and six teachers from each school were asked to complete the Disruptive Behavior Disorders Rating Scale to screen children for the presence of ADHD, oppositional defiant disorder, or conduct disorder. Children who displayed symptoms (pretty much or very much) in most related items as determined by parents and/or teachers were considered positive cases.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The mean age of 1540 pupils was 9 ± 2.16 years. Most (31%) were primary 4 pupils. 5% of pupils displayed ADHD symptoms (attention deficit disorder subtype in 36%, hyperactivity disorder subtype in 27%, and combined subtype in 37%). Of them, 51% were male. Most (19%) of those who displayed the symptoms were in primary 5.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The prevalence of ADHD among primary school children in Oforikrom was 5%. 51% of those with ADHD symptoms were male. Most (19%) of those with ADHD symptoms were in primary 5.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33849015,Repetitive Mild Traumatic Brain Injury in a Perinatal Nicotine Exposure Mouse Model of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Concussion', 'Depression', 'Traumatic brain injury', 'Working memory']","['Lin Zhang', 'Cathy W Levenson', 'Valentina Cea Salazar', 'Deirdre M McCarthy', 'Joseph Biederman', 'Ross Zafonte', 'Pradeep G Bhide']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) increases the risk for concussion or mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI). At the same time, recommendations for the management of ADHD include participation in sports and other organized physical activities, including those that carry an increased risk of mTBI. Very little work has been done to determine the extent to which untreated ADHD adversely impacts behavioral outcomes of repeated mild concussions. Here, we used a perinatal nicotine exposure (PNE) mouse model of ADHD combined with a closed-head, repetitive mTBI model. The PNE mouse model carries significant construct, face, and predictive validity as a preclinical model of ADHD. Two-month-old PNE and control mice were subjected to closed-head repetitive mTBI or sham procedure once daily for 5 days. Object-based attention, novel object recognition memory, spatial working memory, and depression-like behavior were analyzed 1 day and 2 weeks following repeated mTBI. Consistent with our previous reports, mice in the PNE group showed significant deficits in object-based attention and working memory prior to mTBI. These deficits persisted following the repeated mTBI. Repeated mTBI produced a transient attention deficit in the control group but did not exacerbate the attention deficit that is characteristic of the PNE group. Although neither PNE nor repetitive mTBI alone influenced immobility in the tail suspension test, when PNE mice were subjected to mTBI, there was a transient increase in this measurement suggesting a synergistic effect of ADHD and mTBI on depression-like behavior. Thus, our data using the PNE mouse model suggest that ADHD may be a risk factor for transient depression following repeated mTBI and that repeated mTBI may be a risk factor for transient attention deficit.']"30663207,Incidence and risk of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in children with amblyopia: A nationwide cohort study.,"['amblyopia', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'children', 'incidence']","['Chien-Chia Su', 'Chia-Ying Tsai', 'Tzu-Hsun Tsai', 'I-Ju Tsai']","[StringElement('The association between visual deficits and attention disorders has been reported but remains unproven.', attributes={'Label': 'IMPORTANCE'}), StringElement('The objective of this study was to evaluate the risk of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children with amblyopia.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Population-based, cohort study.', attributes={'Label': 'DESIGN'}), StringElement('The dataset from the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database in 2000 to 2010.', attributes={'Label': 'PARTICIPANTS'}), StringElement('A total of 6817 patients aged <18\u2009years with newly diagnosed amblyopia were identified. Four age- and sex-matched controls without amblyopia were included for each patient, that is, 27268 controls.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The primary outcome was the risk of ADHD. The secondary outcomes were age at ADHD onset and use of ADHD medication.', attributes={'Label': 'MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES'}), StringElement('During a mean observation period of 7.18\u2009years, the incidence of ADHD per 1000 person-years was 7.02 in the amblyopia group and 4.61 in the control group (P < 0.0001). The ADHD risk in the amblyopia group was 1.81 times that in the control group (hazard ratio 1.81; 95% confidence interval 1.59-2.06). After stratification by amblyopia subtype, the greatest risk was in the deprivation type (hazard ratio 2.14; 95% confidence interval 1.56-2.92) followed by the strabismic (hazard ratio 2.09; 95% confidence interval 1.15-3.79) and refractive (hazard ratio 1.76; 95% confidence interval 1.54-2.02) types. Age at ADHD onset was younger in the amblyopia group (median 8.14 vs 8.45\u2009years; P =\u20090.0096). The average duration of neuropsychiatric medication use was comparable between groups (P =\u20090.98).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The ADHD risk is higher in children with amblyopia.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE'})]"34280063,Current attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and nonmedical prescription opioid use attributed to tramadol among male adolescents without conduct disorder in Egypt.,"['ADHD', 'Egypt', 'Tramadol use', 'adolescents', 'conduct disorder', 'opioid use']","['Medhat M Bassiony', 'Rehab S Mahdy', 'Noha Haggag', 'Ghada Salah Eldeen']","['<i>Background</i>: Evidence for the association between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and substance use disorders (SUDs) is common. However, little research has investigated this relationship among adolescents using nonmedical prescription opioids, particularly tramadol.<i>Objective</i>: To estimate the prevalence and correlates of ADHD among adolescents with tramadol misuse and without conduct disorder (CD).<i>Methods</i>: This study included 122 Egyptian adolescents (100% male) with opioid use disorders attributed to tramadol. The diagnosis of SUDs, ADHD, and CD (to exclude) was based on the SCID-I criteria of the DSM-IV-TR. Drug-related problems were assessed using the Drug Use Disorders Identification Test (DUDIT). All adolescents were screened for drugs by urinalysis.<i>Results</i>: Thirty-eight percent of adolescents with tramadol misuse had ADHD. Adolescents with tramadol misuse and ADHD were more likely to have a younger age of onset of smoking, substance use, and tramadol misuse than adolescents without ADHD.<i>Conclusions</i>: ADHD is common among adolescents with tramadol misuse. There is an association between ADHD and young age of onset of tramadol misuse and drug-related problems.']"30679008,Prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children presenting with foreign body ingestion.,"['Conners', 'Foreign body', 'Hyperactivity']","['Kasım Turgut', 'Mehmet Kaan Poyraz', 'Ebru Sekmen', 'İrfan Aydın', 'Abdullah Algın', 'Erdal Yavuz']","[StringElement('Foreign body ingestion is a common condition in children. We aimed to compare the incidence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in children that ingested foreign bodies with healthy children.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""The study group consisted of 3- to 17-year-old pediatric patients admitted to the emergency department after foreign body ingestion, and the control group was formed with children having similar demographic and cultural characteristics that presented to the same department for non-traumatic causes. After initial intervention and stabilization, we administered the Conners' Parent Rating Scales-Revised (CPRS-R) to both groups."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The study group consisted of 53 patients with a mean age of 7.83\u202f±\u202f4.36 and the control group comprised 47 children with a mean age of 7.72\u202f±\u202f3.48\u202fyears. There were no statistically significant differences between the study and control groups in terms of age, gender, and parental education levels (p\u202f>\u202f0.05 for each). The foreign objects most ingested by children were coins (32.1%), followed by needles (15.1%) and beads (9.4%), and all the patients recovered without complications and were discharged. All the CPRS-R subscale scores were significantly higher in the study group than in the control group (p\u202f<\u202f0.001). The parental education levels of the study group were not significantly correlated with DSM-IV hyperactivity-impulsivity and DSM-IV total.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We found that the incidence of ADHD symptoms may be high in children referred to emergency services after accidentally ingesting foreign bodies.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33155823,Genetic Correlation Analysis and Transcriptome-wide Association Study Suggest the Overlapped Genetic Mechanism between Gout and Attention-deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'genome-wide association study', 'gout', 'linkage disequilibrium score regression', 'transcriptome-wide association study']","['Om Prakash Kafle', 'Xi Wang', 'Shiqiang Cheng', 'Miao Ding', 'Ping Li', 'Bolun Cheng', 'Xiao Liang', 'Li Liu', 'Yanan Du', 'Mei Ma', 'Lu Zhang', 'Yan Zhao', 'Yan Wen', 'Feng Zhang']","[StringElement('Gout is a common inflammatory arthritis, which is caused by hyperuricemia. Limited efforts have been paid to systematically explore the relationships between gout and common psychiatric disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('Genome-wide association study summary data of gout were obtained from the GeneATLAS, which contained 452,264 participants including 3,528 gout cases. Linkage disequilibrium score regression (LDSC) was first conducted to evaluate the genetic relationships between gout and 5 common psychiatric disorders. Transcriptome-wide association studies (TWAS) was then conducted to explore the potential biological mechanism underlying the observed genetic correlation between gout and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery online functional annotation system was applied for pathway enrichment analysis and gene ontology enrichment analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('LDSC analysis observed significant genetic correlation between gout and ADHD (genetic correlation coefficients = 0.29, standard error = 0.09 and <i>P</i> value = 0.0015). Further TWAS of gout identified 105 genes with <i>P</i> value < 0.05 in muscle skeleton and 228 genes with <i>P</i> value < 0.05 in blood. TWAS of ADHD also detected 300 genes with <i>P</i> value < 0.05 in blood. Further comparing the TWAS results identified 9 common candidate genes shared by gout and ADHD, such as <i>CD300C</i> (<i>P</i> <sub>gout</sub> = 0.0040; <i>P</i> <sub>ADHD</sub> = 0.0226), <i>KDM6B</i> (<i>P</i> <sub>gout</sub> = 0.0074; <i>P</i> <sub>ADHD</sub> = 0.0460), and <i>BST1</i> (<i>P</i> <sub>gout</sub> = 0.0349; <i>P</i> <sub>ADHD</sub> = 0.03560).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We observed genetic correlation between gout and ADHD and identified multiple candidate genes for gout and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"26499057,Cognitive computer training in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) versus no intervention: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.,[],"['Aida Bikic', 'James F Leckman', 'Jane Lindschou', 'Torben Ø Christensen', 'Søren Dalsgaard']","[StringElement('Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a common neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by symptoms of inattention and impulsivity and/or hyperactivity and a range of cognitive dysfunctions. Pharmacological treatment may be beneficial; however, many affected individuals continue to have difficulties with cognitive functions despite medical treatment, and up to 30 % do not respond to pharmacological treatment. Inadequate medical compliance and the long-term effects of treatment make it necessary to explore nonpharmacological and supplementary treatments for ADHD. Treatment of cognitive dysfunctions may prove particularly important because of the impact of these dysfunctions on the ability to cope with everyday life. Lately, several trials have shown promising results for cognitive computer training, often referred to as cognitive training, which focuses on particular parts of cognition, mostly on the working memory or attention but with poor generalization of training on other cognitive functions and functional outcome. Children with ADHD have a variety of cognitive dysfunctions, and it is important that cognitive training target multiple cognitive functions.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This multicenter randomized clinical superiority trial aims to investigate the effect of ""ACTIVATE™,"" a computer program designed to improve a range of cognitive skills and ADHD symptoms. A total of 122 children with ADHD, aged 6 to 13 years, will be randomized to an intervention or a control group. The intervention group will be asked to use ACTIVATE™ at home 40 minutes per day, 6 days per week for 8 weeks. Both intervention and control group will receive treatment as usual. Outcome measures will assess cognitive functions, symptoms, and behavioral and functional measures before and after the 8 weeks of training and in a 12- and 24-week follow-up.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS/DESIGN', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Results of this trial will provide useful information on the effectiveness of computer training focusing on several cognitive functions. Cognitive training has the potential to reduce cognitive dysfunctions and to become a new treatment option, which can promote a more normal neural development in young children with ADHD and thus reduce cognitive dysfunctions and symptoms. This could help children with ADHD to perform better in everyday life and school.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01752530 , date of registration: 10 December 2012.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"34260173,Association between Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and lower urinary tract symptoms in children and adolescents in a community setting.,"['Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity', 'Child', 'Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms']","['Mônica Maria de Almeida Vasconcelos', 'José Murillo Bastos', 'Isaac Eduardo Arana', 'Isabela Benevenuto Teixeira', 'Eleonora Moreira Lima', 'Tânia Antunes Carvalho', 'José de Bessa', 'Flávia Cristina de Carvalho Mrad']","[StringElement('The present study aims to investigate the prevalence of lower tract urinary symptoms (LUTS) and symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and adolescents and their association in a community setting using validated scoring instruments.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A cross-sectional study was carried out from February 2015 to December 2019, during which the parents or guardians of 431 children and adolescents from 5 to 13 years of age, attending a general pediatric outpatient clinic were interviewed.', attributes={'Label': 'MATERIALS AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The prevalence of ADHD symptoms and LUTS were 19.9% and 17.9%, respectively. Of the 82 children and adolescents with ADHD, 28% (23) had LUTS (OR 2.31, 95% CI 1.28 to 3.75, p=0.008). Mean total DVSS score in children in the group of children presenting ADHD symptom was significantly higher than those without ADHD symptom (10.2±4.85 vs. 4.9±2.95, p=0.002). Urgency prevailed among LUTS as the most frequent symptom reported by patients with ADHD symptoms (p=0.004). Analyzing all subscales of the DVSS, the items ""When your child wants to pee, can\'t he wait? ""Your child holds the pee by crossing his legs, crouching or dancing?"" were higher in those with ADHD symptoms (p=0.01 and 0.02, respectively). Functional constipation was present in 36.4% of children with LUTS and 20.7% without LUTS (OR 4.3 95% CI 1-5.3 p=0.001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Children and adolescents with ADHD symptoms are 2.3 times more likely to have LUTS. The combined type of ADHD was the most prevalent among them.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35235255,Atypical functional connectivity during rest and task-related dynamic alteration in young children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: An analysis using the phase-locking value.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Conners kiddie continuous performance test', 'electroencephalography', 'functional connectivity', 'phase-locking value']","['I-Chun Chen', 'Che-Lun Chang', 'Meng-Han Chang', 'Li-Wei Ko']","[StringElement('The study investigated the electroencephalography (EEG) functional connectivity (FC) profiles during rest and tasks of young children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and typical development (TD).', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('In total, 78 children (aged 5-7\u2009years) were enrolled in this study; 43 of them were diagnosed with ADHD and 35 exhibited TD. Four FC metrics, coherence, phase-locking value (PLV), pairwise phase consistency, and phase lag index, were computed for feature selection to discriminate ADHD from TD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The support vector machine classifier trained by phase-locking value (PLV) features yielded the best performance to differentiate the ADHD from the TD group and was used for further analysis. In comparing PLVs with the TD group at rest, the ADHD group exhibited significantly lower values on left intrahemispheric long interelectrode lower-alpha and beta as well as frontal interhemispheric beta frequency bands. However, the ADHD group showed higher values of central interhemispheric PLVs on the theta, higher-alpha, and beta bands. Regarding PLV alterations within resting and task conditions, left intrahemispheric long interelectrode beta PLVs declined from rest to task in the TD group, but the alterations did not differ in the ADHD group. Negative correlations were observed between frontal interhemispheric beta PLVs and the Disruptive Behavior Disorder Rating Scale as rated by teachers.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These results, which complement the findings of other sparse studies that have investigated task-related brain FC dynamics, particularly in young children with ADHD, can provide clinicians with significant and interpretable neural biomarkers for facilitating the diagnosis of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"28255758,Atypical Processing of Gaze Cues and Faces Explains Comorbidity between Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) and Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'ASD', 'Comorbidity', 'ERPs', 'Face processing', 'Gaze cueing']","['Madeleine J Groom', 'Puja Kochhar', 'Antonia Hamilton', 'Elizabeth B Liddle', 'Marina Simeou', 'Chris Hollis']","['This study investigated the neurobiological basis of comorbidity between autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). We compared children with ASD, ADHD or ADHD+ASD and typically developing controls (CTRL) on behavioural and electrophysiological correlates of gaze cue and face processing. We measured effects of ASD, ADHD and their interaction on the EDAN, an ERP marker of orienting visual attention towards a spatially cued location and the N170, a right-hemisphere lateralised ERP linked to face processing. We identified atypical gaze cue and face processing in children with ASD and ADHD+ASD compared with the ADHD and CTRL groups. The findings indicate a neurobiological basis for the presence of comorbid ASD symptoms in ADHD. Further research using larger samples is needed.']"34254328,"""Real-world"" effectiveness of methylphenidate in improving the academic achievement of Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder diagnosed students-A systematic review.","['ADHD', 'Attention-deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'academic performance', 'effectiveness', 'methylphenidate', 'systematic review']","['Joyce Costa Melgaço de Faria', 'Lívia Juliana Reis Duarte', 'Lilian de Abreu Ferreira', 'Vívian Thaise da Silveira', 'Cristiane Menezes de Pádua', 'Edson Perini']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms usually impairs academic achievement and can trigger the onset of medication. Methylphenidate is a drug widely prescribed to treat ADHD. However, systematic reviews of randomized clinical trials suggest that it does not lead to great improvements in academic performance. Thus, we aimed to evaluate the evidence on the ""real-world"" effectiveness of methylphenidate in improving the academic achievement of ADHD students.', attributes={'Label': 'WHAT IS KNOWN AND OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We conducted a systematic review of observational studies retrieved from five electronic databases, besides a manual search and search in grey literature. Studies evaluating treatment with methylphenidate compared to no treatment or other pharmacological/non-pharmacological alternatives used in ADHD were included. The risk of bias of the selected studies was assessed using adapted versions of the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Nine studies (from ten reports) were included in the review: four cohorts, two before-and-after designs and three cross-sectional studies. They involved 12,269 children and adolescents aged 6-18\xa0years. The doses of methylphenidate ranged from 10 to 72\xa0mg/day, and the duration of the treatment from 2.6\xa0months to 4.25\xa0years. Five of these studies concluded that methylphenidate improves academic performance. However, three of the four lowest-bias risk studies concluded that the drug is ineffective. Five studies assessed the long-term use of methylphenidate, and four of them concluded that it does not result in better outcomes in the school setting. Most included studies had considerable limitations and significant heterogeneity regarding methodological design and academic performance measurement criteria.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS AND DISCUSSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('Although some studies indicate that the short-term use of methylphenidate may improve outcomes in the school environment, the available evidence does not support the establishment of adequate conclusions about the real benefits of methylphenidate in the academic improvement of ADHD students.', attributes={'Label': 'WHAT IS NEW AND CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33259064,Trajectories of academic achievement for students with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['academic achievement', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder']","['David Lawrence', 'Stephen Houghton', 'Vaille Dawson', 'Michael Sawyer', 'Annemaree Carroll']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with negative social and occupational outcomes across the life course. However, there has been limited population-based research that quantifies the impact of ADHD on academic achievement and academic trajectories.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To compare academic performance and academic trajectories of students with ADHD with students without a mental disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Data were drawn from Young Minds Matter, a national population-based sample of 6,310 Australian children and adolescents aged 4-17\xa0years. Using linked achievement test data, the academic performance and trajectories of 327 students with ADHD were compared with those of 3,916 students without a mental disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'SAMPLE', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Survey data were combined with scores on national standardized tests for literacy and numeracy over an 8-year period.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In Year 3, students with ADHD were on average 1\xa0year behind students with no mental disorder in reading and numeracy, and 9\xa0months behind in writing. In Year 9, the gaps were much larger with students with ADHD on average 2.5\xa0years behind in reading, 3\xa0years behind in numeracy, and 4.5\xa0years behind in writing.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Students with ADHD have substantially lower achievement in reading, writing, and numeracy. Writing was the most adversely affected domain. For example, in Year 9 students with ADHD were on average writing at a Year 5 level. Children and adolescents with ADHD need substantial support to manage inattention, impulsivity, and hyperactivity. Skilled remediation in literacy and numeracy is required throughout all school years.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35858441,Pain hypersensitivity in a pharmacological mouse model of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['anterior cingulate cortex', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'comorbidity', 'pain sensitization', 'spinal cord']","['Otmane Bouchatta', 'Franck Aby', 'Wahiba Sifeddine', 'Rabia Bouali-Benazzouz', 'Louison Brochoire', 'Houria Manouze', 'Pascal Fossat', ""Saadia Ba M'Hamed"", 'Mohamed Bennis', 'Marc Landry']","['Clinical evidence suggests that pain hypersensitivity develops in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, the mechanisms and neural circuits involved in these interactions remain unknown because of the paucity of studies in animal models. We previously validated a mouse model of ADHD obtained by neonatal 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA) injection. Here, we have demonstrated that 6-OHDA mice exhibit a marked sensitization to thermal and mechanical stimuli, suggesting that phenotypes associated with ADHD include increased nociception. Moreover, sensitization to pathological inflammatory stimulus is amplified in 6-OHDA mice as compared to shams. In this ADHD model, spinal dorsal horn neuron hyperexcitability was observed. Furthermore, ADHD-related hyperactivity and anxiety, but not inattention and impulsivity, are worsened in persistent inflammatory conditions. By combining in\xa0vivo electrophysiology, optogenetics, and behavioral analyses, we demonstrated that anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) hyperactivity alters the ACC-posterior insula circuit and triggers changes in spinal networks that underlie nociceptive sensitization. Altogether, our results point to shared mechanisms underlying the comorbidity between ADHD and nociceptive sensitization. This interaction reinforces nociceptive sensitization and hyperactivity, suggesting that overlapping ACC circuits may be targeted to develop better treatments.']"34021487,Abnormal hemispheric asymmetry of both brain function and structure in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a meta-analysis of individual participant data.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Brain function and structure', 'Hemispheric asymmetry', 'Meta-analysis']","['Ningning He', 'Lena Palaniyappan', 'Zeqiang Linli', 'Shuixia Guo']","['Aberration in the asymmetric nature of the human brain is associated with several mental disorders, including attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). In ADHD, these aberrations are thought to reflect key hemispheric differences in the functioning of attention, although the structural and functional bases of these defects are yet to be fully characterized. In this study, we applied a comprehensive meta-analysis to multimodal imaging datasets from 627 subjects (303 typically developing control [TDCs] and 324 patients with ADHD) with both resting-state functional and structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), from seven independent publicly available datasets of the ADHD-200 sample. We performed lateralization analysis and calculated the combined effects of ADHD on each of three cortical regional measures (grey matter volume - GMV, fractional amplitude of low frequency fluctuations at rest -fALFF, and regional homogeneity -ReHo). We found that compared with TDC, 68%,73% and 66% of regions showed statistically significant ADHD disorder effects on the asymmetry of GMV, fALFF, and ReHo, respectively, (false discovery rate corrected, q\u2009=\u20090.05). Forty-one percent (41%) of regions had both structural and functional abnormalities in asymmetry, located in the prefrontal, frontal, and subcortical cortices, and the cerebellum. Furthermore, brain asymmetry indices in these regions were higher in children with more severe ADHD symptoms, indicating a crucial pathoplastic role for asymmetry. Our findings highlight the functional asymmetry in ADHD which has (1) a strong structural basis, and thus is likely to be developmental in nature; and (2) is strongly linked to symptom burden and IQ and may carry a possible prognostic value for grading the severity of ADHD.']"34996341,Supported Diagnosis of Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder from EEG Based on Interpretable Kernels for Hidden Markov Models.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'electroencephalographic signal (EEG)', 'hidden Markov models (HMM)']","['M C Maya-Piedrahita', 'P M Herrera-Gomez', 'L Berrío-Mesa', 'D A Cárdenas-Peña', 'A A Orozco-Gutierrez']","['As a neurodevelopmental pathology, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) mainly arises during childhood. Persistent patterns of generalized inattention, impulsivity, or hyperactivity characterize ADHD that may persist into adulthood. The conventional diagnosis relies on clinical observational processes yielding high rates of overdiagnosis due to varying interpretations among specialists or missing information. Although several studies have designed objective behavioral features to overcome such an issue, they lack significance. Despite electroencephalography (EEG) analyses extracting alternative biomarkers using signal processing techniques, the nonlinearity and nonstationarity of EEG signals restrain performance and generalization of hand-crafted features. This work proposes a methodology to support ADHD diagnosis by characterizing EEG signals from hidden Markov models (HMM), classifying subjects based on similarity measures for probability functions, and spatially interpreting the results using graphic embeddings of stochastic dynamic models. The methodology learns a single HMM for EEG signal from each patient, so favoring the inter-subject variability. Then, the Probability Product Kernel, specifically developed for assessing the similarity between HMMs, fed a support vector machine that classifies subjects according to their stochastic dynamics. Lastly, the kernel variant of Principal Component Analysis provided a means to visualize the EEG transitions in a two-dimensional space, evidencing dynamic differences between ADHD and Healthy Control children. From the electrophysiological perspective, we recorded EEG under the Stop Signal Task modified with reward levels, which considers cognitive features of interest as insufficient motivational circuits recruitment. The methodology compares the supported diagnosis in two EEG channel setups (whole channel set and channels of interest in frontocentral area) and four frequency bands (Theta, Alpha, Beta rhythms, and a wideband). Results evidence an accuracy rate of 97.0% in the Beta band and in the channels where previous works found error-related negativity events. Such accuracy rate strongly supports the dual pathway hypothesis and motivational deficit concerning the pathophysiology of ADHD. It also demonstrates the utility of joining inhibitory and motivational paradigms with dynamic EEG analysis into a noninvasive and affordable diagnostic tool for ADHD patients.']"30541503,Evaluation of the diagnostic implications of Das-Naglieri cognitive assessment system in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Cognitive assessment', 'Das-Naglieri cognitive assessment system (DN:CAS)', 'PASS']","['Ling Qin', 'Hairun Liu', 'Hong Zhang', 'Yanhong Fu', 'Dandan Li']","[StringElement(""Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental characterized by attention deficit, hyperactivity, emotional impulses and difficulty with cognitive functions. The Das-Naglieri Cognitive Assessment System (DN: CAS), as a theory-driven assessment kit, was explored based on Planning, Attention, Simultaneous, and Successive Theory (PASS). Recent researches have tried to explore the sensitivity and specificity of DN: CAS in diagnosing ADHD; nevertheless, these studies were performed in a small study population. The following study explores the cognitive functions in ADHD by the DN: CAS and to evaluate the DN: CAS's diagnostic value in ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A total of 135 children with ADHD and 140 healthy controls were enrolled to evaluate cognitive function by the DN: CAS. ROC curve and the area under the curve (AUC) were applied to evaluate the diagnostic value of DN: CAS on ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Compared with healthy controls, children with ADHD had significantly lower scores in Planning, Simultaneous (Verbal-Spatial Relations), Attention in the four Subtests of DN: CAS, as well as the total scores. ROC analysis indicated that Planning and Attention of DN: CAS had good classification accuracy in diagnosing ADHD with AUCs of 0.808 and 0.730, respectively.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The planning and attention assessment of DN: CAS revealed high sensitivity and specificity in diagnosing ADHD, thus suggesting that DN: CAS might be an effective tool in diagnosing ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30442088,An emotion recognition subtyping approach to studying the heterogeneity and comorbidity of autism spectrum disorders and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism spectrum disorders', 'Emotion recognition', 'Factor mixture modelling', 'Latent class']","['Francesca Waddington', 'Catharina Hartman', 'Yvette de Bruijn', 'Martijn Lappenschaar', 'Anoek Oerlemans', 'Jan Buitelaar', 'Barbara Franke', 'Nanda Rommelse']","[StringElement('Emotion recognition dysfunction has been reported in both autism spectrum disorders (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This suggests that emotion recognition is a cross-disorder trait that may be utilised to understand the heterogeneous psychopathology of ASD and ADHD. We aimed to identify emotion recognition subtypes and to examine their relation with quantitative and diagnostic measures of ASD and ADHD to gain further insight into disorder comorbidity and heterogeneity.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Factor mixture modelling was used on speed and accuracy measures of auditory and visual emotion recognition tasks. These were administered to children and adolescents with ASD (N\u2009=\u200989), comorbid ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD (N\u2009=\u200964), their unaffected siblings (N\u2009=\u2009122), ADHD (N\u2009=\u2009111), their unaffected siblings (N\u2009=\u200969), and controls (N\u2009=\u2009220). Identified classes were compared on diagnostic and quantitative symptom measures.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A four-class solution was revealed, with the following emotion recognition abilities: (1) average visual, impulsive auditory; (2) average-strong visual and auditory; (3) impulsive/imprecise visual, average auditory; (4) weak visual and auditory. The weakest performing class (4) contained the highest percentage of patients (66.07%) and the lowest percentage controls (10.09%), scoring the highest on ASD/ADHD measures. The best performing class (2) demonstrated the opposite: 48.98% patients, 15.26% controls with relatively low scores on ASD/ADHD measures.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Subgroups of youths can be identified that differ both in quantitative and qualitative aspects of emotion recognition abilities. Weak emotion recognition abilities across sensory domains are linked to an increased risk for ASD as well as ADHD, although emotion recognition impairments alone are neither necessary nor sufficient parts of these disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31785588,Increased subjective and reinforcing effects of initial nicotine exposure in young adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) compared to matched peers: results from an experimental model of first-time tobacco use.,[],"['Scott H Kollins', 'Maggie M Sweitzer', 'F Joseph McClernon', 'Kenneth A Perkins']","['Individuals with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are at increased risk for adverse cigarette smoking outcomes, and little is known about factors underlying this risk. This study sought to evaluate the effects of initial nicotine exposure in young adults with and without ADHD using a novel paradigm of exposure to model initial smoking experiences. Participants were young adult nonsmokers (n\u2009=\u200961 ADHD, n\u2009=\u200975 Control) between the ages of 18-25 years (inclusive) who reported never having smoked a full cigarette, and no tobacco use in the prior 3 years. Participants were exposed to three different blinded doses of intranasally administered nicotine (0, 0.5, 1.0\u2009mg) across three separate fixed dose experimental sessions. In subsequent sessions, participants were given the opportunity to self-administer nicotine under two different conditions-high and low cognitive demand. Physiological, subjective, and reinforcing effects of nicotine were the main outcomes. Nicotine plasma levels, and no group differences in effects of nicotine on heart rate or blood pressure, confirmed comparable dosing exposure across groups. ADHD participants reported significantly greater dizziness following nicotine, and greater pleasant subjective effects across all conditions, compared to non-ADHD non-smokers. There were no group differences on subjective reports of bad or unpleasant effects. Subsequent nicotine self-administration was significantly higher among non-smokers with ADHD, and their choices of nicotine were not influenced by cognitive condition. There are meaningful differences between young adults with and without ADHD with respect to the initial subjective and reinforcing effects of nicotine; and interventions to prevent use should start prior to typical age of experimentation among ADHD patients.']"33373778,Emotion recognition and mind wandering in adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder or autism spectrum disorder.,"['Adults', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Autism spectrum disorder (ASD)', 'Emotion recognition', 'Mind wandering', 'Transdiagnostic trait']","['Bartosz Helfer', 'Sara Boxhoorn', 'Joanna Songa', 'Charlotte Steel', 'Stefanos Maltezos', 'Philip Asherson']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in adults are often undiagnosed and overlap in psychopathology. Here we investigated the transdiagnostic traits of emotion recognition and mind wandering in a sample of 103 adults (43 with ADHD and 14 with ASD). The ability to correctly identify a facial expression of anger, fear, disgust or surprise was no different between the adults with ADHD or ASD and neurotypical (NT) adults. However, adults with ADHD or ASD were on average almost 200\xa0ms slower in making a correct decision, suggesting a larger speed-accuracy trade-off in facial emotion recognition compared to NT adults. General processing speed was associated with excessive mind wandering in adults with ADHD, but not with ASD. The deficits in emotional processing were independent from mind wandering in both adults with ADHD or ASD. Emotional dysregulation and functional impairment scales separated adults with ADHD and ASD from the NT adults, but not from each other. When controlling for self-reported ADHD and ASD symptom severity, mind wandering in ADHD was independent from both ADHD and ASD symptom severity. In ASD, mind wandering was related to ASD but not ADHD symptom severity. Our results suggest that ASD and ADHD share a slower ability to recognize emotions, which is exacerbated by excessive mind wandering in ADHD, and by decreased processing speed in ASD.']"32385310,Neurocognitive mechanisms underlying working memory encoding and retrieval in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,[],"['Rodrigo Ortega', 'Vladimir López', 'Ximena Carrasco', 'María Josefina Escobar', 'Adolfo M García', 'Mario A Parra', 'Francisco Aboitiz']","['Working memory (WM) impairments in ADHD have been consistently reported along with deficits in attentional control. Yet, it is not clear which specific WM processes are affected in this condition. A deficient coupling between attention and WM has been reported. Nevertheless, most studies focus on the capacity to retain information rather than on the attention-dependent stages of encoding and retrieval. The current study uses a visual short-term memory binding task, measuring both behavioral and electrophysiological responses to characterize WM encoding, binding and retrieval comparing ADHD and non-ADHD matched adolescents. ADHD exhibited poorer accuracy and larger reaction times than non-ADHD on all conditions but especially when a change across encoding and test displays occurred. Binding manipulation affected equally both groups. Encoding P3 was larger in the non-ADHD group. Retrieval P3 discriminated change only in the non-ADHD group. Binding-dependent ERP modulations did not reveal group differences. Encoding and retrieval P3 were significantly correlated only in non-ADHD. These results suggest that while binding processes seem to be intact in ADHD, attention-related encoding and retrieval processes are compromised, resulting in a failure in the prioritization of relevant information. This new evidence can also inform recent theories of binding in visual WM.']"30067471,The origin of the centrality deficit in individuals with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'centrality deficit', 'eye movements', 'reading comprehension', 'text recall', 'text recognition']","['Menahem Yeari', 'Eli Vakil', 'Lee Schifer', 'Rachel Schiff']","[StringElement('Studies have shown that skilled and disabled readers recall central ideas, which are important to the overall comprehension of the text, to a greater extent than peripheral, less important ideas after reading. However, readers with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) recall significantly fewer central ideas than skilled readers. The present study was designed to examine whether difficulties in identifying, attending, and/or retrieving central ideas underlie their centrality deficit.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('28 adult university students with ADHD and 27 control students read three expository texts (successively) to summarize their central ideas, while their eye-movements were recorded. After reading, the participants recalled, recognized, and estimated the centrality level of all text ideas, which were divided into central and peripheral based on pretest ratings.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('The participants with ADHD recalled fewer central ideas than controls, although they recognized and estimated their centrality to the same extent as controls. Moreover, the participants with ADHD invested more time in rereading central ideas than peripheral ones, to a greater extent than controls.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The eye-movement data suggest that our university students with ADHD were aware of the reading task requirements, their difficulties, and the appropriate strategies for coping with them (i.e., rereading central ideas). More importantly, the present findings suggest that readers with ADHD have specific difficulty in retrieving central ideas that are available in their long-term memory. It supports the hypothesis that readers with ADHD establish fewer connections between text ideas during reading, and consequently benefit from a reduced number of retrieval cues after reading.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33939246,Self-harm as the first presentation of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in adolescents.,"['ADHD', 'adolescence', 'emotional dysregulation', 'self-harm', 'sex differences']","['John Headley Ward', 'Sarah Curran']","[StringElement('Self-harm (SH) in adolescence has previously been shown to significantly overlap with both attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and emotional dysregulation (ED). Our objective as such was to investigate the relationship between self-harm and ADHD in our population and consider its clinical relevance.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This case series analysis examined 124 presentations of SH in 13- to 17\xa0year-olds to Accident and Emergency Departments in South West London (97F:27M). Strength and Difficulties Questionnaires (SDQs) were used to screen for ADHD/hyperactivity and ED, and scores were compared with reference data obtained from Meltzer et\xa0al. (1999, International Review of Psychiatry (Abingdon, England), 15, 185).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Mean SDQ ADHD/hyperactivity scores were significantly higher in our SH sample compared to reference data (p\xa0<\xa0.0001). Furthermore, significantly greater ED scores were found in our sample compared with the control reference data.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our findings contribute to the evidence for an important link between ADHD and clinical presentations of SH and suggest there to be value in screening girls presenting to A&E with self-harm for ADHD. We speculate that ED plays a role in the evolution of SH in dysregulated ADHD. We recommend that clinicians assessing adolescents have self-harmed to be aware of possible ADHD symptoms and screen as appropriate; however, future research examining the temporal association between ADHD, emotional dysregulation and self-harm is required to establish causal direction.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"29535404,Dietary patterns are associated with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms among preschoolers in mainland China.,[],"['Shuangqin Yan', 'Hui Cao', 'Chunli Gu', 'Lingling Ni', 'Huihui Tao', 'Ting Shao', 'Yeqing Xu', 'Fangbiao Tao']","[StringElement('To identify the major dietary patterns among preschoolers and assess the relation of major dietary patterns to attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement(""A cross-sectional survey was conducted comprising a large sample of 14,912 children aged 3-6 years old in Ma'anshan city of Anhui Province in China. A semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire and the 10-item Chinese version of the Conners' abbreviated symptom questionnaire were administered to assess usual dietary intakes and ADHD. Social-demographic information was also collected. Major dietary patterns were identified by principal components analysis. Logistic regression was employed to explore the association of dietary patterns with ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'SUBJECTS/METHODS'}), StringElement('Five dietary patterns were identified explaining 47.96% of the total diet variation. The ""processed"" dietary component was the principal pattern that explained the higher percentage of variability, 24.69%. After controlling for potential confounders, preschoolers in the top quintile of the ""processed"" (odds ratio (OR)\u2009=\u20091.56, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.31-1.86) and ""snack"" (OR\u2009=\u20091.76, 95% CI\u2009=\u20091.49-2.07) dietary pattern score had greater odds for having ADHD symptoms compared with those in the lowest quintile. Lowest scores on the ""vegetarian"" were associated with significantly a higher likelihood of indications of ADHD symptoms (OR\u2009=\u20090.67, 95% CI\u2009=\u20090.56-0.79).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This study showed that preschoolers tend to choose unhealthy dietary pattern in Ma\'anshan, China. ""Processed"" and ""snack"" dietary patterns were significantly and positively correlated with ADHD symptoms, while ""vegetarian"" dietary patterns were negatively correlated with ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30329156,Heterotypic trajectories of dimensional psychopathology across the lifespan: the case of youth-onset attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Youth-onset', 'cognition', 'executive function', 'p-factor', 'polygenic risk scores']","['Arthur Gus Manfro', 'Marcos Santoro', 'Guilherme Vanoni Polanczyk', 'Ary Gadelha', 'Pedro Mario Pan', 'Rodrigo Affonseca Bressan', 'Elisa Brietzke', 'Fernanda Talarico', 'Sintia Belangero', 'Luis Augusto Rohde', 'Giovanni Abrahão Salum']","[StringElement('Recent studies have demonstrated the existence of a distinct late-onset attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) trajectory. Our objective is to test if there are distinct ADHD trajectories regarding age of onset from childhood to adolescence and to compare clinical manifestations, cognitive functions and genetic risk for ADHD among distinct longitudinal groups.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Nine hundred and twenty four children and adolescents from the community participated in the study. We compared clinical, cognitive features and genetic risk among four groups of participants: (a) childhood-limited, (b) youth-onset, (c) childhood-onset with youth persistence, and (d) community comparisons without ADHD. Symptomatic and diagnostic assessments were performed using the Development and Well-Being Behavior Assessment, the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire, and the Child Behavior Checklist. Cognitive functions were measured using a battery of standardized tests. Genetic risk for ADHD was calculating using summary statistics from the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Half of the adolescents (52%) with ADHD had their symptom onset in adolescence. The impairment level of this group in adolescence is similar to the persistent group. Despite not having ADHD, the youth-onset group already presented in childhood more symptoms from other domains of psychopathology, higher shared variance in psychiatric symptomatology (p-factor), school impairment, and executive dysfunctions than community comparisons. Furthermore, the youth-onset group presented lower levels of genetic risk for ADHD compared to other cases.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('A significant proportion of adolescents with ADHD were youth-onset cases and presented similar impairment levels as those cases with early-onset ADHD. The presence of cognitive impairments and higher levels of clinical symptoms in the youth-onset group already at childhood speaks in favor of a heterotypic trajectory of psychopathology suggesting that youth-onset ADHD might be an artificial consequence of categorizing dimensional psychopathology into discrete diagnostic groups.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35808424,A Systematic Review on Feature Extraction in Electroencephalography-Based Diagnostics and Therapy in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'ERP', 'P300', 'children', 'executive function']","['Pasquale Arpaia', 'Attilio Covino', 'Loredana Cristaldi', 'Mirco Frosolone', 'Ludovica Gargiulo', 'Francesca Mancino', 'Federico Mantile', 'Nicola Moccaldi']","['A systematic review on electroencephalographic (EEG)-based feature extraction strategies to diagnosis and therapy of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children is presented. The analysis is realized at an executive function level to improve the research of neurocorrelates of heterogeneous disorders such as ADHD. The Quality Assessment Tool for Quantitative Studies (QATQS) and field-weighted citation impact metric (Scopus) were used to assess the methodological rigor of the studies and their impact on the scientific community, respectively. One hundred and one articles, concerning the diagnostics and therapy of ADHD children aged from 8 to 14, were collected. Event-related potential components were mainly exploited for executive functions related to the cluster <i>inhibition</i>, whereas band power spectral density is the most considered EEG feature for executive functions related to the cluster <i>working memory</i>. This review identifies the most used (also by rigorous and relevant articles) EEG signal processing strategies for executive function assessment in ADHD.']"34406053,Neuroimaging in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: Recent Advances.,"['MR spectroscopy', 'MRI', 'PET', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'brain']","['Fatemeh Dehghani Firouzabadi', 'Sara Ramezanpour', 'Mohammad Dehghani Firouzabadi', 'Ilyssa J Yousem', 'Nicolaas A J Puts', 'David M Yousem']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common neurodevelopmental condition that leads to impaired attention and impulsive behaviors diagnosed in, but not limited to, children. ADHD can cause symptoms throughout life. This article summarizes the structural (conventional, volumetric, and diffusion tensor imaging) and functional (task-based functional MRI [fMRI], resting-state fMRI, PET, and MR spectroscopy) brain findings in patients with ADHD. Consensus is lacking regarding altered anatomic or functional imaging findings of the brain in children with ADHD, likely because of the heterogeneity of the disorder. Most anatomic studies report abnormalities in the frontal lobes, basal ganglia, and corpus callosum; decreased surface area in the left ventral frontal and right prefrontal cortex; thinner medial temporal lobes; and smaller caudate nuclei. Using fMRI, researchers have focused on the prefrontal and temporal regions, reflecting perception-action mapping alterations. Artificial intelligence models evaluating brain anatomy have highlighted changes in cortical thickness and the shape of the inferior frontal cortex, bilateral sensorimotor cortex, left temporal lobe, and insula. Early intervention and/or normal brain maturation can alter imaging patterns and convert functional imaging studies to a normal pattern. Although imaging findings provide insight into the neuropathophysiology of the disease, no definitive structural or functional pattern defines the disorder from a neuroradiologic perspective.']"31918739,Individualised stepwise adaptive treatment for 3-6-year-old preschool children impaired by attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ESCApreschool): study protocol of an adaptive intervention study including two randomised controlled trials within the consortium ESCAlife.,"['ADHD', 'Adaptive treatment', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Behaviour therapy', 'ESCAlife', 'Kindergarten', 'Preschool children', 'Stepped care', 'Telephone-assisted self-help']","['Katja Becker', 'Tobias Banaschewski', 'Daniel Brandeis', 'Christina Dose', 'Christopher Hautmann', 'Martin Holtmann', 'Thomas Jans', 'Lea Jendreizik', 'Carolin Jenkner', 'Katja John', 'Johanna Ketter', 'Sabina Millenet', 'Ursula Pauli-Pott', 'Tobias Renner', 'Marcel Romanos', 'Anne-Katrin Treier', 'Elena von Wirth', 'Anne-Kathrin Wermter', 'Manfred Döpfner']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a psychosocially impairing and cost-intensive mental disorder, with first symptoms occurring in early childhood. It can usually be diagnosed reliably at preschool age. Early detection of children with ADHD symptoms and an early, age-appropriate treatment are needed in order to reduce symptoms, prevent secondary problems and enable a better school start. Despite existing ADHD treatment research and guideline recommendations for the treatment of ADHD in preschool children, there is still a need to optimise individualised treatment strategies in order to improve outcomes. Therefore, the ESCApreschool study (Evidence-Based, Stepped Care of ADHD in Preschool Children aged 3\u2009years and 0\u2009months to 6\u2009years and 11\u2009months of age (3;0 to 6;11\u2009years) addresses the treatment of 3-6-year-old preschool children with elevated ADHD symptoms within a large multicentre trial. The study aims to investigate the efficacy of an individualised stepwise-intensifying treatment programme.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The target sample size of ESCApreschool is 200 children (boys and girls) aged 3;0 to 6;11\u2009years with an ADHD diagnosis according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-5) or a diagnosis of oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) plus additional substantial ADHD symptoms. The first step of the adaptive, stepped care design used in ESCApreschool consists of a telephone-assisted self-help (TASH) intervention for parents. Participants are randomised to either the TASH group or a waiting control group. The treatment in step 2 depends on the outcome of step 1: TASH responders without significant residual ADHD/ODD symptoms receive booster sessions of TASH. Partial or non-responders of step 1 are randomised again to either parent management and preschool teacher training or treatment as usual.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The ESCApreschool trial aims to improve knowledge about individualised treatment strategies for preschool children with ADHD following an adaptive stepped care approach, and to provide a scientific basis for individualised medicine for preschool children with ADHD in routine clinical care.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('The trial was registered at the German Clinical Trials Register (DRKS) as a Current Controlled Trial under DRKS00008971 on 1 October 2015. This manuscript is based on protocol version 3 (14 October 2016).', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"30514410,The devil is in the detail: exploring the intrinsic neural mechanisms that link attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptomatology to ongoing cognition.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'default mode network', 'frontoparietal network', 'functional connectivity', 'mind-wandering', 'ongoing thought']","['Deniz Vatansever', 'Natali S Bozhilova', 'Philip Asherson', 'Jonathan Smallwood']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a developmental condition that profoundly affects quality of life. Although mounting evidence now suggests uncontrolled mind-wandering as a core aspect of the attentional problems associated with ADHD, the neural mechanisms underpinning this deficit remains unclear. To that extent, competing views argue for (i) excessive generation of task-unrelated mental content, or (ii) deficiency in the control of task-relevant cognition.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('In a cross-sectional investigation of a large neurotypical cohort (n = 184), we examined alterations in the intrinsic brain functional connectivity architecture of the default mode (DMN) and frontoparietal (FPN) networks during resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging in relation to ADHD symptomatology, which could potentially underlie changes in ongoing thought within variable environmental contexts.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The results illustrated that ADHD symptoms were linked to lower levels of detail in ongoing thought while the participants made more difficult, memory based decisions. Moreover, greater ADHD scores were associated with lower levels of connectivity between the DMN and right sensorimotor cortex, and between the FPN and right ventral visual cortex. Finally, a combination of high levels of ADHD symptomology with reduced FPN connectivity to the visual cortex was associated with reduced levels of detail in thought.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The results of our study suggest that the frequent mind-wandering observed in ADHD may be an indirect consequence of the deficient control of ongoing cognition in response to increasing environmental demands, and that this may partly arise from dysfunctions in the intrinsic organisation of the FPN at rest.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34687335,Antibiotic exposure and childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['Antibiotic', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Microbiome']","['Yuan Ai', 'Jing Zhao', 'Jing Shi', 'Ting Ting Zhu']","[StringElement('Disturbances of gastrointestinal microbiome may result in the development of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Antibiotic therapy is commonly known to influence the gastrointestinal microbiome. However, results from studies on the association between antibiotic exposure and ADHD have been inconsistent.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Several databases (PubMed, PsychInfo, EMBASE) were searched on January 1, 2021, to identify relevant studies. A random effects model was used to calculate the pooled risk estimate. Statistical heterogeneity was tested using the chi-square test and the I<sup>2</sup> statistic.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('There were four risk estimates on antibiotic intake during pregnancy and eight risk estimates on antibiotic intake after birth. The pooled odds ratio for ADHD comparing antibiotic exposure with non-exposure during pregnancy was 1.14 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.10-1.18). The pooled odds ratio with postnatal antibiotic exposure was 1.12 (95% CI, 0.99-1.26). Substantial heterogeneity existed among these analyses. The timing of antibiotic exposure, type of antibiotic, and number of antibiotic intakes might influence the association between antibiotic exposure and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our findings suggest that maternal antibiotic intake during pregnancy may be associated with an increased risk of ADHD in the offspring. However, there was insufficient evidence for the association between antibiotic intake after birth and ADHD risk. Further studies should be performed before a definitive conclusion can be established.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35696811,Event-related brain dynamics during mind wandering in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: An experience-sampling approach.,"['ADHD', 'Adult', 'Brain oscillations', 'EEG', 'Mind wandering', 'Sustained attention', 'Working memory']","['Natali Bozhilova', 'Jonna Kuntsi', 'Katya Rubia', 'Philip Asherson', 'Giorgia Michelini']","['Adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) report increased spontaneous mind wandering (MW) compared to control adults. Since MW is associated with ADHD severity and functional impairment, elucidating the brain mechanisms underlying MW may inform new interventions targeting MW and point to neural markers to monitor their efficacy. Population-based electroencephalographic (EEG) studies suggest that weaker event-related decreases in occipital alpha power characterise periods of MW, but no study has examined event-related brain oscillations during MW in individuals with ADHD. Using an experience-sampling method, we compared adults with ADHD (N\xa0=\xa023) and controls (N\xa0=\xa025) on event-related EEG measures of power modulations and phase consistency during two tasks with high and low demands on working memory and sustained attention, and during periods of MW and task focus. Compared to controls, individuals with ADHD showed weaker alpha power decreases during high working memory demands and across sustained attention demands, weaker theta power increases and phase consistency across working memory demands and during low sustained attention demands, and weaker beta power decreases during low working memory demands. These EEG patterns suggest broadly deficient attentional and motor response processes in ADHD. During MW episodes, adults with ADHD showed weaker alpha power decreases in the sustained attention task and lower theta phase consistency in the working memory task compared to controls. These findings suggest that atypical EEG patterns thought to reflect reduced inhibition of task-irrelevant processes and inconsistent stimulus processing underlie increased MW in adults with ADHD and may be useful for future real-time monitoring of treatment effects.']"35921363,"Experiences and challenges of parents caring for children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: A qualitative study in Dar es salaam, Tanzania.",[],"[""Charles Daud Ching'oma"", 'Dickson Ally Mkoka', 'Joel Seme Ambikile', 'Masunga Kidula Iseselo']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most common neurobehavioral childhood disorder. Children with ADHD are difficult to handle due to the symptoms causing great impairments such as inattention, hyperactivity compared to other childhood mental disorders. Having a child with ADHD is a stressful situation as it impacts the whole family. However, little is known about the experiences and challenges of parents caring for children with ADHD in low and middle-income countries such as Tanzania. Thus, this study explored the experiences and challenges of parents caring for children with ADHD in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We conducted a qualitative descriptive study involving 16 parents of children with ADHD at Muhimbili National Hospital (MNH). We used the purposive sampling technique to obtain the participants. In-depth interviews, using a semi-structured interview guide, were used to collect data. Audio-recorded data were transcribed, translated, and analysed using qualitative content analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Parents experienced difficulties in handling the children whose level of functioning was impaired due to abnormal and disruptive behaviour such as not being able to follow parental instructions. Psychological problems were also experienced due to caring demands exacerbated by lack of support and stigma from the community. Moreover, there were disruptions in family functioning and social interactions among family members due to the children's behaviour. Lastly, too much time and family resources spent to fulfil the needs of these children culminated into disruption in economic activities that negatively affected everyday life."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Parents struggle to meet and cope with care demands posed by children with ADHD. The disruptive nature of ADHD symptoms presents a unique caring challenge different from those experienced with other childhood mental illnesses. To address these challenges, a collaborative approach among key stakeholders such as the government, health care professionals, and non-governmental organizations, is needed.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"29129152,Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in Epilepsy and Primary ADHD: Differences in Symptom Dimensions and Quality of Life.,"['ADHD', 'children', 'epilepsy']","['Ozalp Ekinci', 'Çetin Okuyaz', 'Semra Erdoğan', 'Serkan Gunes', 'Nuran Ekinci', 'Merve Kalınlı', 'Halenur Teke', 'Meltem Çobanoğulları Direk']","[StringElement('We aimed to (1) compare quality of life (QOL) among children with epilepsy, epilepsy and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and primary ADHD and (2) compare ADHD symptom dimensions and subtypes between children with epilepsy-ADHD and primary ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""A total of 140 children; 53 with epilepsy, 35 with epilepsy-ADHD, and 52 with primary ADHD were included. KINDL-R (quality of life measure), Turgay DSM-IV Disruptive Behavior Disorders Rating Scale (T-DSM-IV-S), and Conners' Parent Rating Scale (CPRS) were completed. Neurology clinic charts were reviewed for epilepsy-related variables."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children with epilepsy-ADHD had the lowest (poorest) KINDL-R total scores. Epilepsy-ADHD group had more inattentiveness symptoms, whereas primary ADHD group had more hyperactivity/impulsivity symptoms. The frequencies of ADHD combined and inattentiveness subtypes were 60% and 40% in children with epilepsy-ADHD and 80.7% and 19.3% in children with primary ADHD, respectively ( P = .034).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ADHD in epilepsy is associated with a significantly poor quality of life and predominantly inattentiveness symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29409566,Brain-behavior patterns define a dimensional biotype in medication-naïve adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Adult attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'biotype', 'canonical correlation', 'dimensions', 'functional connectivity', 'multi-echo fMRI']","['Hsiang-Yuan Lin', 'Luca Cocchi', 'Andrew Zalesky', 'Jinglei Lv', 'Alistair Perry', 'Wen-Yih Isaac Tseng', 'Prantik Kundu', 'Michael Breakspear', 'Susan Shur-Fen Gau']","[StringElement('Childhood-onset attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults is clinically heterogeneous and commonly presents with different patterns of cognitive deficits. It is unclear if this clinical heterogeneity expresses a dimensional or categorical difference in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We first studied differences in functional connectivity in multi-echo resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rs-fMRI) acquired from 80 medication-naïve adults with ADHD and 123 matched healthy controls. We then used canonical correlation analysis (CCA) to identify latent relationships between symptoms and patterns of altered functional connectivity (dimensional biotype) in patients. Clustering methods were implemented to test if the individual associations between resting-state brain connectivity and symptoms reflected a non-overlapping categorical biotype.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Adults with ADHD showed stronger functional connectivity compared to healthy controls, predominantly between the default-mode, cingulo-opercular and subcortical networks. CCA identified a single mode of brain-symptom co-variation, corresponding to an ADHD dimensional biotype. This dimensional biotype is characterized by a unique combination of altered connectivity correlating with symptoms of hyperactivity-impulsivity, inattention, and intelligence. Clustering analyses did not support the existence of distinct categorical biotypes of adult ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Overall, our data advance a novel finding that the reduced functional segregation between default-mode and cognitive control networks supports a clinically important dimensional biotype of childhood-onset adult ADHD. Despite the heterogeneity of its presentation, our work suggests that childhood-onset adult ADHD is a single disorder characterized by dimensional brain-symptom mediators.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34231220,"Annual Research Review: Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in girls and women: underrepresentation, longitudinal processes, and key directions.","['ADHD', 'developmental psychopathology', 'girls and women', 'self-harm']","['Stephen P Hinshaw', 'Phuc T Nguyen', ""Sinclaire M O'Grady"", 'Emily A Rosenthal']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) - and its underlying behavioral dimensions of inattention and hyperactivity-impulsivity - have been understudied in females. We first cover the conceptual issues of prevalence, diagnostic practices, diversity, comorbidity, and causal factors, plus forces limiting awareness of ADHD in females. After a narrative review of cross-sectional and longitudinal findings, we conclude the following. (a) Girls meet diagnostic criteria for ADHD at just under half the rates of boys, a ratio that becomes much closer to equal by adulthood. (b) Girls and women with ADHD show a predominance of inattention and associated internalizing problems; boys and men display greater levels of hyperactive-impulsive symptoms and associated externalizing problems. (c) Sex differences in ADHD symptoms and related outcomes depend heavily on the clinical versus nonreferred nature of the samples under investigation. (d) Females with ADHD experience, on average, serious impairments, with a particularly heightened risk for problems in close relationships and engagement in self-harm. (e) Clinicians may overlook symptoms and impairments in females because of less overt (but still impairing) symptom manifestations in girls and women and their frequent adoption of compensatory strategies. Our review of predictors and mediators of adult outcomes highlights (a) the potential for heterotypically continuous pathways in females with childhood ADHD and (b) developmental progressions to self-harm, intimate partner violence, unplanned pregnancy, and comorbid psychopathology. Focusing on ADHD in females is necessary to characterize causal and maintaining mechanisms with accuracy and to foster responsive interventions, as highlighted in our closing list of clinical implications and research priorities.']"32131909,The key role of daytime sleepiness in cognitive functioning of adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'EEG slowing', 'adults', 'cognition', 'observer-rated sleepiness', 'sleepiness']","['Bartosz Helfer', 'Natali Bozhilova', 'Ruth E Cooper', 'Joanna I Douzenis', 'Stefanos Maltezos', 'Philip Asherson']","[StringElement('Adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) frequently suffer from sleep problems and report high levels of daytime sleepiness compared to neurotypical controls, which has detrimental effect on quality of life.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We evaluated daytime sleepiness in adults with ADHD compared to neurotypical controls using an observer-rated sleepiness protocol during the Sustained Attention Response Task as well as electroencephalogram (EEG) slowing, a quantitative electroencephalographic measure collected during a short period of wakeful rest.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We found that adults with ADHD were significantly sleepier than neurotypical controls during the cognitive task and that this on-task sleepiness contributed to cognitive performance deficits usually attributed to symptoms of ADHD. EEG slowing predicted severity of ADHD symptoms and diagnostic status, and was also related to daytime sleepiness. Frontal EEG slowing as well as increased frontal delta were especially prominent in adults with ADHD. We have validated and adapted an objective observer-rated measure for assessing on-task sleepiness that will contribute to future sleep research in psychology and psychiatry.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These findings indicate that the cognitive performance deficits routinely attributed to ADHD and often conceptualized as cognitive endophenotypes of ADHD are largely due to on-task sleepiness and not exclusively due to ADHD symptom severity. Daytime sleepiness plays a major role in cognitive functioning of adults with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31982036,Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,[],"['Jonathan Posner', 'Guilherme V Polanczyk', 'Edmund Sonuga-Barke']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), like other psychiatric disorders, represents an evolving construct that has been refined and developed over the past several decades in response to research into its clinical nature and structure. The clinical presentation and course of the disorder have been extensively characterised. Efficacious medication-based treatments are available and widely used, often alongside complementary psychosocial approaches. However, their effectiveness has been questioned because they might not address the broader clinical needs of many individuals with ADHD, especially over the longer term. Non-pharmacological approaches to treatment have proven less effective than previously thought, whereas scientific and clinical studies are starting to fundamentally challenge current conceptions of the causes of ADHD in ways that might have the potential to alter clinical approaches in the future. In view of this, we first provide an account of the diagnosis, epidemiology, and treatment of ADHD from the perspective of both the fifth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders and the eleventh edition of the International Classification of Diseases. Second, we review the progress in our understanding of the causes and pathophysiology of ADHD on the basis of science over the past decade or so. Finally, using these discoveries, we explore some of the key challenges to both the current models and the treatment of ADHD, and the ways in which these findings can promote new perspectives.']"31280035,A comparison of efficacy between cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and CBT combined with medication in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Adulthood', 'Cognitive-behavioral therapy', 'Pharmacotherapy', 'Psychotherapy']","['Mei-Rong Pan', 'Fang Huang', 'Meng-Jie Zhao', 'Yan-Fei Wang', 'Yu-Feng Wang', 'Qiu-Jin Qian']","[""The study aimed to explore whether cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) combined with medication is superior to CBT alone in core symptoms, emotional symptoms, self-esteem as well as social and cognitive functions of adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) patients. Samples from a previous RCT study and outpatient participants were all included. A total of 124 patients received 12 weeks of manualized CBT sessions, either with (n\u202f=\u202f57) or without (n\u202f=\u202f67) medication. Efficacy variables were evaluated at baseline and each week. Mixed linear models (MLM) were used to compare differences between the two groups in all of the above domains. Within-group comparisons showed that both groups had robust improvements in core ADHD symptoms, emotional symptoms and social functional outcomes. The CBT\xa0+\xa0M group presented more domains of improvement in executive functions than the CBT group. However, comparisons between groups didn't indicate the superiority of CBT\xa0+\xa0M in core symptoms, emotional symptoms and self-esteem. Instead, the CBT group showed a greater improvement in the physical domain of the WHOQOL-BREF than the CBT\xa0+\xa0M group. This study further indicated that CBT is an effective treatment for adults with ADHD. A combination of CBT and medication presented broader improvements in executive functions, but not in clinical symptoms, than CBT alone.""]"28784401,Thyroid and Cortisol hormones in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: A case-control study.,"['Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Biomarker', 'Cortisol', 'Thyroid hormones', 'Thyroxine']","['Pooja Patnaik Kuppili', 'Raman Deep Pattanayak', 'Rajesh Sagar', 'Manju Mehta', 'S Vivekanandhan']","[StringElement('There is paucity of research in the putative role of hormonal biomarkers in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). The current study aimed to analyze the clinical profile, socio-demographic status, co-morbidity, hormonal biomarkers namely Thyroid hormones and Cortisol in children with ADHD and compare them with healthy controls and to explore the association of the hormonal biomarkers with severity of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""Thirty children with DSM-IV TR diagnosis of ADHD were assessed using semi structured proforma, Conners' Parent Rating Scale revised short (CPRS - R: S) , Mini international neuropsychiatric interview for children and adolescents and Childrens' Global Assessment Scale as well as serum levels of total Triiodothyronine (T3) ,total Thyroxine (T4) , Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) and Cortisol using chemiluminescent immunometric assay and compared with 30 age- and gender -matched controls."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The typical profile of cases of ADHD was of a male with mean age of 9.47 years (S.D=2.43) belonging to Hyperactive subtype of ADHD. Serum T4 was significantly lower in cases compared to controls. No significant difference was found in serum T3, TSH and Cortisol levels. No significant correlation between the CPRS : R-S scores and the hormonal biomarkers.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('There is need for exploration of Serum T4 as putative biomarker for ADHD with replication in future studies. It may also be important to report the negative finding of Cortisol as a biomarker of ADHD in the context of effective utilization of resources for research with special relevance to resource deficit developing countries.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33440202,Polygenic Risk and the Course of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder From Childhood to Young Adulthood: Findings From a Nationally Representative Cohort.,"['ADHD', 'development', 'longitudinal', 'polygenic risk score']","['Jessica C Agnew-Blais', 'Daniel W Belsky', 'Avshalom Caspi', 'Andrea Danese', 'Terrie E Moffitt', 'Guilherme V Polanczyk', 'Karen Sugden', 'Jasmin Wertz', 'Benjamin S Williams', 'Cathryn M Lewis', 'Louise Arseneault']","[StringElement('To understand whether genetic risk for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with the course of the disorder across childhood and into young adulthood.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Participants were from the Environmental Risk (E-Risk) Longitudinal Twin Study, a population-based birth cohort of 2,232 twins. ADHD was assessed at ages 5, 7, 10, and 12 with mother- and teacher-reports and at age 18 with self-report. Polygenic risk scores (PRSs) were created using a genome-wide association study of ADHD case status. Associations with PRS were examined at multiple points in childhood and longitudinally from early childhood to adolescence. We investigated ADHD PRS and course to young adulthood, as reflected by ADHD remission, persistence, and late onset.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Participants with higher ADHD PRSs had increased risk for meeting ADHD diagnostic criteria (odds ratios ranging from 1.17 at age 10 to 1.54 at age 12) and for elevated symptoms at ages 5, 7, 10, and 12. Higher PRS was longitudinally associated with more hyperactivity/impulsivity (incidence rate ratio\xa0= 1.18) and inattention (incidence rate ratio\xa0= 1.14) from age 5 to age 12. In young adulthood, participants with persistent ADHD exhibited the highest PRS (mean PRS\xa0= 0.37), followed by participants with remission (mean PRS\xa0= 0.21); both groups had higher PRS than controls (mean PRS\xa0=\xa0-0.03), but did not significantly differ from one another. Participants with late-onset ADHD did not show elevated PRS for ADHD, depression, alcohol dependence, or marijuana use disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Genetic risk scores derived from case-control genome-wide association studies may have relevance not only for incidence of mental health disorders, but also for understanding the longitudinal course of mental health disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"31878821,Associations between Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Ocular Abnormalities in Children: A Population-based Study.,"['ADHD', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'epidemiology', 'ocular abnormalities']","['Jau-Der Ho', 'Jau-Jiuan Sheu', 'Yi-Wei Kao', 'Ben-Chang Shia', 'Herng-Ching Lin']","['<b>Purpose</b>: Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) was reported to be associated with disturbances in the prefrontal circuitry and seems to be associated with dysfunctions of eye motility. This study aimed to explore associations between ADHD and ocular abnormalities, including amblyopia, hypermetropia, astigmatism, and heterotropia, using a large, nationwide population-based dataset in Taiwan.<b>Methods</b>: We retrieved our sample for this cross-sectional study from the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database. In total, 116,308 children with ADHD were selected as the study group and 116,308 randomly selected children without ADHD as the comparison group. We used conditional logistic regression analyses to examine the odds ratios (ORs) of amblyopia, hypermetropia, astigmatism, and heterotropia between children with and those without ADHD.<b>Results</b>: We found that children with ADHD had significantly higher prevalences of amblyopia (1.6% vs. 0.9%, <i>p</i>< .001), hypermetropia (2.4% vs. 1.3%, <i>p</i> < .001), astigmatism (0.2% vs. 0.1%, <i>p</i> < .001), and heterotropia (1.1% vs. 0.5%, <i>p</i> < .001) than children without ADHD. The ORs of amblyopia, hypermetropia, astigmatism and heterotropia for children with ADHD were 1.89 (95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.76 ~ 2.05), 1.82 (95% CI = 1.68 ~ 1.92), 1.73 (95% CI = 1.34 ~ 2.16), and 2.01 (95% CI = 1.82 ~ 2.21) compared to children without ADHD.<b>Conclusions</b>: The findings suggest that ADHD is associated with ocular abnormalities, including amblyopia, hypermetropia, astigmatism, and heterotropia.']"34392507,The Relationship Between Alexithymia and Impulsiveness in Adult Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder.,[],"['Seda Kiraz', 'Sencan Sertçelik', 'Serap Erdoğan Taycan']","[StringElement('It has been emphasised recently that emotion regulation problems may be the core symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). In this study, we aimed to determine the incidence of alexithymia, the relationship between alexithymia and impulsiveness, the severity of ADHD, depression and anxiety semptoms in adult ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('All participants were assessed with the Structured Clinical Interview For DSM IV Axis I Disorders (SCID-I); and completed the Toronto Alexithymia Scale (TAS), the Impulsive Behavior Scale (UPPS), the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), the Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), Adult Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder Self Reporting Scale (ASRS) and the Wender Utah Rating Scale (WURS). The ADHD patients were also assessed with the Diagnostic Interview for ADHD (DIVA) for DSM-5 criteria.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('The study included 101 ADHD patients with a mean age of 23.06 ± 4.24 years with 47.5% females, and 100 healthy control individuals with a mean age of 22.76 ± 5.68 years with 50% female participants. Alexithymia incidence was 41.5% in the ADHD group. The increase in the levels of impulsiveness, depression and anxiety correlated with the severity of ADHD symptoms; and impulsiveness predicted alexithymia in the ADHD group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Alexithymia incidence was higher in the ADHD group. When ADHD and control participants were combined, alexithymic individuals was more associated with impulsivity with frequent display of anxiety symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33341963,Sex differences in parent-offspring recurrence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'epidemiology', 'intergenerational recurrence risk', 'parent-of-origin', 'sex differences']","['Berit S Solberg', 'Tor-Arne Hegvik', 'Anne Halmøy', 'Rolv Skjaerven', 'Anders Engeland', 'Jan Haavik', 'Kari Klungsøyr']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a highly heritable neurodevelopmental disorder sharing genetic risk factors with other common psychiatric disorders. However, intergenerational recurrence patterns of ADHD from parents to sons and daughters are not known. We aimed to examine the risk of ADHD in offspring of parents with ADHD and parents with other psychiatric disorders by parental and offspring sex, using parents without the specific disorders as comparison.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('In a generation study linking data from several population-based registries, all Norwegians born 1967-2011 (n\xa0=\xa02,486,088; Medical Birth Registry of Norway) and their parents were followed to 2015. To estimate intergenerational recurrence risk, we calculated prevalence differences (PD) and the relative risk (RR) of ADHD in offspring by parental ADHD, bipolar disorder (BD), schizophrenia spectrum disorder (SCZ), major depression (MDD), all by parental and offspring sex.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The absolute prevalence of ADHD in offspring of parents with ADHD was very high, especially in sons of two affected parents (41.5% and 25.1% in sons and daughters, respectively), and far higher than in offspring of parents with BD, SCZ or MDD. Intergenerational recurrence risks were higher for maternal than paternal ADHD (RR<sub>maternal</sub> 8.4, 95% confidence interval (CI) 8.2-8.6 vs. RR<sub>paternal</sub> 6.2, 6.0-6.4) and this was also true on the absolute scale (PD<sub>maternal</sub> 21.1% (20.5-21.7) vs. PD<sub>paternal</sub> 14.8% (14.3-15.4)). RRs were higher in daughters, while PDs higher in sons. Parental SCZ, BD and MDD were associated with an approximately doubled risk of offspring ADHD compared to parents without the respective disorders, and estimates did not differ significantly between daughters and sons.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The intergenerational recurrence risks of ADHD were high and higher from mothers with ADHD than fathers with ADHD. Other parental psychiatric disorders also conferred increased risk of offspring ADHD, but far lower, indicating a sex- and diagnosis-specific intergenerational recurrence risk in parents with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30560740,Visual attention in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder before and after stimulant treatment.,"['Adult ADHD', 'TVA-based assessment', 'methylphenidate treatment', 'visual attention']","['Ann-Marie Low', 'Signe Vangkilde', 'Julijana le Sommer', 'Birgitte Fagerlund', 'Birte Glenthøj', 'Jens Richardt Møllegaard Jepsen', 'Claus Bundesen', 'Anders Petersen', 'Thomas Habekost']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder which frequently persists into adulthood. The primary goal of the current study was to (a) investigate attentional functions of stimulant medication-naïve adults with ADHD, and (b) investigate the effects of 6 weeks of methylphenidate treatment on these functions.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""The study was a prospective, non-randomized, non-blinded, 6-week follow-up design with 42 stimulant medication-naïve adult patients with ADHD, and 42 age and parental education-matched healthy controls. Assessments included measures of visual attention, based on Bundesen's Theory of Visual Attention (TVA), which yields five precise measures of aspects of visual attention; general psychopathology; ADHD symptoms; dyslexia screening; and estimates of IQ."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('At baseline, significant differences were found between patients and controls on three attentional parameters: visual short-term memory capacity, threshold of conscious perception, and to a lesser extent visual processing speed. Secondary analyses revealed no significant correlations between TVA parameter estimates and severity of ADHD symptomatology. At follow-up, significant improvements were found specifically for visual processing speed; this improvement had a large effect size, and remained when controlling for re-test effects, IQ, and dyslexia screen performance. There were no significant correlations between changes in visual processing speed and changes in ADHD symptomatology.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ADHD in adults may be associated with deficits in three distinct aspects of visual attention. Improvements after 6 weeks of medication are seen specifically in visual processing speed, which could represent an improvement in alertness. Clinical symptoms and visual attentional deficits may represent separate aspects of ADHD in adults.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30453757,EEG Neurofeedback Training in Children With Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Cognitive and Behavioral Outcome Study.,"['ADHD', 'EEG neurofeedback', 'attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'children', 'follow-up']","['E A Shereena', 'R K Gupta', 'C N Bennett', 'K J V Sagar', 'J Rajeswaran']","[StringElement('Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a highly prevalent childhood disorder with symptoms of inattention, impulsivity, and hyperactivity. EEG neurofeedback training (NFT) is a new intervention modality based on operant conditioning of brain activity, which helps reduce symptoms of ADHD in children.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To examine the efficacy of NFT in children with ADHD, an experimental longitudinal design with pre-post comparison was adopted. A total of 30 children in the age range of 6 to 12 years diagnosed as ADHD with or without comorbid conditions were assigned to treatment group (TG; n = 15) and treatment as usual group (TAU; n = 15). TG received EEG-NFT along with routine clinical management and TAU received routine clinical management alone. Forty sessions of theta/beta NFT at the C3 scalp location, 3 to 4 sessions in a week for a period of 3.5 to 5 months were given to children in TG. Children were screened using sociodemographic data and Binet-Kamat test of intelligence. Pre-and postassessment tools were neuropsychological tests and behavioral scales. Follow-up was carried out on 8 children in TG using parent-rated behavioral measures.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS AND PROCEDURES', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Improvement was reported in TG on cognitive functions (sustained attention, verbal working memory, and response inhibition), parent- and teacher-rated behavior problems and on academic performance rated by teachers. Follow-up of children who received NFT showed sustained improvement in ADHD symptoms when assessed 6 months after receiving NFT.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The present study suggests that NFT is an effective method to enhance cognitive deficits and helps reduce ADHD symptoms and behavior problems. Consequently, academic performance was found to be improved in children with ADHD. Improvement in ADHD symptoms induced by NFT were maintained at 6-month follow-up in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33495439,Risk variants and polygenic architecture of disruptive behavior disorders in the context of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,[],"['Ditte Demontis', 'Raymond K Walters', 'Veera M Rajagopal', 'Irwin D Waldman', 'Jakob Grove', 'Thomas D Als', 'Søren Dalsgaard', 'Marta Ribasés', 'Jonas Bybjerg-Grauholm', 'Maria Bækvad-Hansen', 'Thomas Werge', 'Merete Nordentoft', 'Ole Mors', 'Preben Bo Mortensen', 'Bru Cormand', 'David M Hougaard', 'Benjamin M Neale', 'Barbara Franke', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Anders D Børglum']","['Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a childhood psychiatric disorder often comorbid with disruptive behavior disorders (DBDs). Here, we report a GWAS meta-analysis of ADHD comorbid with DBDs (ADHD\u2009+\u2009DBDs) including 3802 cases and 31,305 controls. We identify three genome-wide significant loci on chromosomes 1, 7, and 11. A meta-analysis including a Chinese cohort supports that the locus on chromosome 11 is a strong risk locus for ADHD\u2009+\u2009DBDs across European and Chinese ancestries (rs7118422, P\u2009=\u20093.15×10<sup>-10</sup>, OR\u2009=\u20091.17). We find a higher SNP heritability for ADHD\u2009+\u2009DBDs (h<sup>2</sup><sub>SNP</sub>\u2009=\u20090.34) when compared to ADHD without DBDs (h<sup>2</sup><sub>SNP</sub>\u2009=\u20090.20), high genetic correlations between ADHD\u2009+\u2009DBDs and aggressive (r<sub>g</sub>\u2009=\u20090.81) and anti-social behaviors (r<sub>g</sub>\u2009=\u20090.82), and an increased burden (polygenic score) of variants associated with ADHD and aggression in ADHD\u2009+\u2009DBDs compared to ADHD without DBDs. Our results suggest an increased load of common risk variants in ADHD\u2009+\u2009DBDs compared to ADHD without DBDs, which in part can be explained by variants associated with aggressive behavior.']"35773970,Individual Differences in Germ Spreading Behaviors Among Children With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: The Role of Executive Functioning.,"['COVID-19', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'executive functioning', 'preschool']","['Melissa L Hernandez', 'Jamie A Spiegel', 'Stefany Coxe', 'Anthony S Dick', 'Paulo A Graziano']","[StringElement('Infectious diseases, such as coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), are commonly transmitted by respiratory droplets and contact with contaminated surfaces. Individuals with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are more likely to be infected with COVID-19 and experience more hospitalizations than individuals without ADHD. The current study investigated the role of ADHD symptomatology and executive functioning (EF) in germ spreading behavior frequency among young children with and without ADHD and parenting responses to these behaviors.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""Participants included 53 children diagnosed with ADHD and 47 typically developing (TD) children between the ages of 4-5\u2009years (76% male; Mage\u2009=\u20094.62; 86% Hispanic/Latinx). Parents and teachers reported on children's ADHD symptomatology and children completed three EF tasks. Germ spreading behavior frequency (direct contact of hand to face and toy in mouth) and parenting responses (verbal and nonverbal behaviors) were observed during a 5-min parent-child play situation."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Negative binomial regression analyses indicated that both ADHD diagnostic status and poor metacognition predicted both higher rates of toy to mouth (β\u2009=\u20091.94, p < .001; β\u2009=\u20090.03, p = .004) and face touching frequency (β\u2009=\u20090.60, p = .03; β\u2009= 0.03, p = .004), respectively. Additionally, poor attention and worse cognitive flexibility only predicted higher rates of toy to mouth frequency (β = 0.09, p < .001; β = -0.04, p = .001), respectively.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Young children with ADHD are at high risk for spreading germs via putting toys in their mouth and touching their face. Particularly, high levels of inattention and poor EF appear to be associated with higher rates of germ spreading behaviors.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35485179,"Associations of preterm birth, small-for-gestational age, preeclampsia and placental abruption with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in the offspring: Nationwide cohort and sibling-controlled studies.","['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'foetal growth restriction', 'placental abruption', 'preeclampsia', 'preterm birth']","['Rachael J Beer', 'Sven Cnattingius', 'Ezra S Susser', 'Eduardo Villamor']","[StringElement('The aim of this study was to investigate preterm birth, small-for-gestational age (SGA), preeclampsia and placental abruption in relation to attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in offspring.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We conducted a population-based cohort study among non-malformed live-born singleton children in Sweden born during 2002-2014. Using national registries with recorded information, we followed 1,212,201 children for an ADHD diagnosis from 3 to 15\xa0years. We compared ADHD rates between exposure categories using adjusted hazard ratios (HR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) from Cox proportional hazards models. We also conducted sibling-controlled analyses among 751,464 full siblings.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('There were 27,665 ADHD diagnoses in the cohort. Compared with term birth (≥37\xa0weeks), adjusted HR (95% CI) for ADHD increased with decreasing gestational age: 1.18 (1.11, 1.25), 1.61 (1.37, 1.89) and 2.79 (2.23, 3.49) for 32-36\xa0weeks, 28-31\xa0weeks and 22-27\xa0weeks. Both spontaneous and medically indicated preterm birth were associated with ADHD. SGA was related to 1.62 (1.49, 1.77) times higher ADHD incidence. Preeclampsia, but not placental abruption, was associated with ADHD. Sibling-controlled analyses showed similar results. Preterm birth did not fully explain the associations of SGA or preeclampsia with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Preterm birth, SGA and preeclampsia are related to ADHD incidence in offspring.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"28801917,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): Interaction between socioeconomic status and parental history of ADHD determines prevalence.,"['Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder', 'epidemiology', 'family history', 'prevalence', 'social class']","['Andrew S Rowland', 'Betty J Skipper', 'David L Rabiner', 'Fares Qeadan', 'Richard A Campbell', 'A Jack Naftel', 'David M Umbach']","[StringElement('Many studies have reported a higher prevalence of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) among disadvantaged populations, but few have considered how parental history of ADHD might modify that relationship. We evaluated whether the prevalence of ADHD varies by socioeconomic status (SES) and parental history of ADHD in a population-sample of elementary school children age 6-14\xa0years.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We screened all children in grades 1-5 in 17 schools in one North Carolina (U.S.) county for ADHD using teacher rating scales and 1,160 parent interviews, including an ADHD structured interview (DISC). We combined parent and teacher ratings to determine DSM-IV ADHD status. Data analysis was restricted to 967 children with information about parental history of ADHD. SES was measured by family income and respondent education.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We found an interaction between family income and parental history of ADHD diagnosis (p\xa0=\xa0.016). The SES gradient was stronger in families without a parental history and weaker among children with a parental history. Among children without a parental history of ADHD diagnosis, low income children had 6.2 times the odds of ADHD (95% CI 3.4-11.3) as high income children after adjusting for covariates. Among children with a parental history, all had over 10 times the odds of ADHD as high income children without a parental history but the SES gradient between high and low income children was less pronounced [odds ratio (OR)\xa0=\xa01.4, 95% CI 0.6-3.5].', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Socioeconomic status and parental history of ADHD are each strong risk factors for ADHD that interact to determine prevalence. More research is needed to dissect the components of SES that contribute to risk of ADHD. Future ADHD research should evaluate whether the strength of other environmental risk factors vary by parental history. Early identification and interventions for children with low SES or parental histories of ADHD should be explored.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"28941032,Are patients with bipolar disorder and comorbid attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder more neurocognitively impaired?,"['attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'bipolar disorder', 'comorbidity and neurocognition']","['Imma Torres', 'Brisa Sole', 'Montse Corrales', 'Esther Jiménez', 'Sofia Rotger', 'Juan Francisco Serra-Pla', 'Irene Forcada', 'Vanesa Richarte', 'Ester Mora', 'Carlos Jacas', 'Nuria Gómez', 'Maria Mur', 'Francesc Colom', 'Eduard Vieta', 'Miquel Casas', 'Anabel Martinez-Aran', 'Jose M Goikolea', 'Josep A Ramos-Quiroga']","[StringElement('Research on neurocognitive impairment in adult patients with comorbid bipolar disorder (BD) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is very scarce. This study assessed the neurocognitive profile of a comorbid group (BD+ADHD) compared with that of pure BD (pBD) group, pure ADHD (pADHD) group and healthy controls (HCs).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This was a three-site study comprising 229 subjects: 70 patients with pBD, 23 with BD+ADHD, 50 with pADHD, and 86 HCs. All patients with BD had been euthymic for at least 6\xa0months. Neuropsychological performance was assessed using a comprehensive neurocognitive battery.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Our results showed that all the clinical groups had poorer performance than the HCs in all the neurocognitive domains except for executive functions. No significant differences were observed between the pBD and BD+ADHD groups in any of the cognitive domains, with these two groups showing greater impairment than the pADHD group in executive functions and visual memory.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our results, although preliminary, suggest that the BD+ADHD group showed the same neurocognitive profile as pBD patients, most likely reflecting the same neurobiological basis. On the other hand, the pADHD group showed a more selective moderate impairment in attention.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31229776,Maternal urinary concentrations of pyrethroid and chlorpyrifos metabolites and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in 2-4-year-old children from the Odense Child Cohort.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Birth cohort', 'Chlorpyrifos', 'Insecticides', 'Neurotoxicology', 'Pesticides', 'Prenatal exposure', 'Pyrethorids']","['Louise Dalsager', 'Bettina Fage-Larsen', 'Niels Bilenberg', 'Tina Kold Jensen', 'Flemming Nielsen', 'Henriette Boye Kyhl', 'Philippe Grandjean', 'Helle Raun Andersen']","[StringElement('Pyrethroids and chlorpyrifos are widely used insecticides, but the potential impact of prenatal exposure on child neurodevelopment has only been addressed in few longitudinal studies.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To investigate associations between prenatal exposure to pyrethroids and chlorpyrifos and traits of ADHD in 2-4-year-old children.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('Metabolites of chlorpyrifos and pyrethroids were measured in maternal urine collected at gestational week 28 among 1207 women from the Odense Child Cohort. Of these, 948 completed the Child Behavior Check List for ages 1.5-5 years (CBCL: 1½-5). Negative binomial and logistic regression models were used to estimate relative differences in ADHD problem scores (CBCL: 1½-5 subscale) expressed as the ratio of expected scores between exposure groups and the odds (OR) of scoring equal to or above the 90<sup>th</sup> percentile in relation to maternal urinary metabolite concentrations (continuous ln<sub>2</sub>-transformed or categorized into tertiles). The analyses were adjusted for maternal education level, parental psychiatric diagnosis, child age and sex.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The chlorpyrifos metabolite, 3,5,6-trichloro-2-pyridinol (TCPY), the generic pyrethroid metabolite, 3-phenoxybenzoic acid (3-PBA), and the metabolite of trans-isomers of permethrin, cypermethrin, and cyfluthrin, trans-3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropane-1-carboxylic acid (trans-DCCA), were detected in 90%, 94%, and 11%, respectively, of the urine samples. Each doubling in maternel 3-PBA concentration was associated with a 3% increase in the ADHD score (Ratio: 1.03 (95% CI: 1.00,1.07)) and a 13% higher odds of having a ADHD score\u202f≥\u202fthe 90<sup>th</sup> percentile (OR: 1.13 (1.04,1.38)). Similar associations were seen for 3-PBA as categorical variable (p-trend=0.052 in negative binimoal regression, p-trend=0.007 in logistic regression). Furthermore, concurrent concentrations of 3-PBA and TCPY above their medians were associated with higher ADHD score (Ratio: 1.20 (1.04, 1.38)) and higher odds of scoring\u202f≥\u202fthe 90<sup>th</sup> percentile (OR: 1.98 (1.26, 3.11)). Maternal trans-DCCA above the detection level increased the odds of ADHD symptoms (OR: 1.76 (1.08, 2.86)). The associations were not modified by sex.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Prenatal exposure to pyrethroids was associated with ADHD related traits at 2-4 years of age. Considering the widespread use of pyrethroids these results are of concern.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29482662,Bright light therapy versus physical exercise to prevent co-morbid depression and obesity in adolescents and young adults with attention-deficit / hyperactivity disorder: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.,"['Attention-deficit / hyperactivity disorder', 'Bright light therapy', 'Co-morbidity', 'Depression', 'Exercise', 'Obesity']","['Jutta S Mayer', 'Katharina Hees', 'Juliane Medda', 'Oliver Grimm', 'Philip Asherson', 'Mariano Bellina', 'Michael Colla', 'Pol Ibáñez', 'Elena Koch', 'Antonio Martinez-Nicolas', 'Adrià Muntaner-Mas', 'Anna Rommel', 'Nanda Rommelse', 'Saskia de Ruiter', 'Ulrich W Ebner-Priemer', 'Meinhard Kieser', 'Francisco B Ortega', 'Johannes Thome', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Jonna Kuntsi', 'J Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'Andreas Reif', 'Christine M Freitag']","[StringElement('The risk for major depression and obesity is increased in adolescents and adults with attention-deficit\xa0/ hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and adolescent ADHD predicts adult depression and obesity. Non-pharmacological interventions to treat and prevent these co-morbidities are urgently needed. Bright light therapy (BLT) improves day-night rhythm and is an emerging therapy for major depression. Exercise intervention (EI) reduces obesity and improves depressive symptoms. To date, no randomized controlled trial (RCT) has been performed to establish feasibility and efficacy of these interventions targeting the prevention of co-morbid depression and obesity in ADHD. We hypothesize that the two manualized interventions in combination with mobile health-based monitoring and reinforcement will result in less depressive symptoms and obesity compared to treatment as usual in adolescents and young adults with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This trial is a prospective, pilot phase-IIa, parallel-group RCT with three arms (two add-on treatment groups [BLT, EI] and one treatment as usual [TAU] control group). The primary outcome variable is change in the Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology total score (observer-blinded assessment) between baseline and ten weeks of intervention. This variable is analyzed with a mixed model for repeated measures approach investigating the treatment effect with respect to all three groups. A total of 330 participants with ADHD, aged 14 - <\u200930 years, will be screened at the four study centers. To establish effect sizes, the sample size was planned at the liberal significance level of α = 0.10 (two-sided) and the power of 1-β = 80% in order to find medium effects. Secondary outcomes measures including change in obesity, ADHD symptoms, general psychopathology, health-related quality of life, neurocognitive function, chronotype, and physical fitness are explored after the end of the intervention and at the 12-week follow-up.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('This is the first pilot RCT on the use of BLT and EI in combination with mobile health-based monitoring and reinforcement targeting the prevention of co-morbid depression and obesity in adolescents and young adults with ADHD. If at least medium effects can be established with regard to the prevention of depressive symptoms and obesity, a larger scale confirmatory phase-III trial may be warranted.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('German Clinical Trials Register, DRKS00011666. Registered on 9 February 2017.\xa0ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03371810.\xa0Registered on 13 December 2017.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"30692063,"[Response inhibition and emotional responding in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder with comorbid disruptive, impulse-control, and conduct disorders].","['Stroop effect', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'disruptive, impulse-control, and conduct disorders', 'neural networks', 'response inhibition']","['Xixi Jiang', 'Li Liu', 'Haifeng Ji', 'Ju Gao', 'Minmin Zhang', 'Yuncheng Zhu', 'Kaiyun Li', 'Weidong Ji', 'Guohai Li']","[StringElement('To characterize the traits of neuropsychological functioning deficits in patients with attention-deficit/ hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) with comorbid disruptive, impulse-control, and conduct disorders (DICCD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Twenty out-patients with ADHD, 20 with ADHD with comorbid DICCD, and 20 with DICCD, all aged 6-16 years, were enrolled in this study, with 20 healthy subjects matched for age, gender and IQ serving as the healthy controls. The patients were diagnosed according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Revision (DSM-5). All the subjects were assessed with Golden Stroop test and emotional Stroop test to evaluate their response inhibition and emotional responding.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In Golden Stroop test, the interference scores (IGs) of errors and reaction time both differed significantly among the groups (<i>P</i> &lt; 0.05), and were the highest in patients with ADHD only. In emotional Stroop test, the mean reaction time (MRT) showed significant differences among the groups (<i>P</i> &lt; 0.05); the MRT of positive- congruent trials in ADHD with comorbid DICCD group was shorter than that in ADHD group but longer than that in group DICCD; the MRT in the 3 case groups were all longer than that in the control group. The MRT of both positive-incongruent trials and negative-congruent trials in ADHD with comorbid DICCD group and DICCD group was shorter than that in ADHD group but longer than that in the control group. The MRT of negative- incongruent trials in DICCD group was shorter than that in ADHD group and ADHD with comorbid DICCD group but longer than that in the control group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The response inhibition deficit and abnormal emotional responding are the core symptoms of ADHD. Bias emotional stimuli may render response inhibitory dysfunction in patients with DICCD with callous-unemotional traits of emotional responding disorder, especially in dealing with negative emotional trials, while the comorbidity of ADHD and DICCD tends to have the emotional response trait of DICCD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33018595,Metaheuristic Spatial Transformation (MST) for accurate detection of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) using rs-fMRI.,[],"['Abhay M S Aradhya', 'Suresh Sundaram', 'Mahardhika Pratama']","['Accurate detection of neuro-psychological disorders such as Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) using resting state functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (rs-fMRI) is challenging due to high dimensionality of input features, low inter-class separability, small sample size and high intra-class variability. For automatic diagnosis of ADHD and autism, spatial transformation methods have gained significance and have achieved improved classification performance. However, they are not reliable due to lack of generalization in dataset like ADHD with high variance and small sample size. Therefore, in this paper, we present a Metaheuristic Spatial Transformation (MST) approach to convert the spatial filter design problem into a constraint optimization problem, and obtain the solution using a hybrid genetic algorithm. Highly separable features obtained from the MST along with meta-cognitive radial basis function based classifier are utilized to accurately classify ADHD. The performance was evaluated using the ADHD200 consortium dataset using a ten fold cross validation. The results indicate that the MST based classifier produces state of the art classification accuracy of 72.10% (1.71% improvement over previous transformation based methods). Moreover, using MST based classifier the training and testing specificity increased significantly over previous methods in literature. These results clearly indicate that MST enables the determination of the highly discriminant transformation in dataset with high variability, small sample size and large number of features. Further, the performance on the ADHD200 dataset shows that MST based classifier can be reliably used for the accurate diagnosis of ADHD using rs-fMRI.Clinical relevance- Metaheuristic Spatial Transformation (MST) enables reliable and accurate detection of neuropsychological disorders like ADHD from rs-fMRI data characterized by high variability, small sample size and large number of features.']"34524649,Targeting working memory to modify emotional reactivity in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a functional magnetic resonance imaging study.,"['Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)', 'Emotional dysregulation', 'Emotional reactivity', 'Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI)', 'Working memory']","['Antonia Kaiser', 'Liesbeth Reneman', 'Paul J Lucassen', 'Taco J de Vries', 'Anouk Schrantee', 'Anne Marije Kaag']","['Understanding the neural mechanisms of emotional reactivity in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) may help develop more effective treatments that target emotion dysregulation. In adult ADHD, emotion regulation problems cover a range of dimensions, including emotional reactivity (ER). One important process that could underlie an impaired ER in ADHD might be impaired working memory (WM) processing. We recently demonstrated that taxing WM prior to the exposure of emotionally salient stimuli reduced physiological and subjective reactivity to such cues in heavy drinkers, suggesting lasting effects of WM activation on ER. Here, we investigated neural mechanisms that could underlie the interaction between WM and ER in adult ADHD participants. We included 30 male ADHD participants and 30 matched controls. Participants performed a novel functional magnetic resonance imaging paradigm in which active WM-blocks were alternated with passive blocks of negative and neutral images. We demonstrated group-independent significant main effects of negative emotional images on amygdala activation, and WM-load on paracingulate gyrus and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activation. Contrary to earlier reports in adolescent ADHD, no impairments were found in neural correlates of WM or ER. Moreover, taxing WM did not alter the neural correlates of ER in either ADHD or control participants. While we did find effects on the amygdala, paCG, and dlPFC activation, we did not find interactions between WM and ER, possibly due to the relatively unimpaired ADHD population and a well-matched control group. Whether targeting WM might be effective in participants with ADHD with severe ER impairments remains to be investigated.']"36104774,Objective assessment of motor activity in a clinical sample of adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and/or cyclothymic temperament.,"['ADHD', 'Actigraphy', 'Cyclothymic temperament', 'Motor activity']","['Vigdis Elin Giaever Syrstad', 'Kristin Mjeldheim', 'Wenche Førland', 'Petter Jakobsen', 'Rolf Gjestad', 'Jan Øystein Berle', 'Kathleen Ries Merikangas', 'Ketil Joachim Oedegaard', 'Ole Bernt Fasmer']","[StringElement('Most research on patterns of motor activity has been conducted on adults with mood disorders, but few studies have investigated comorbid attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) or temperamental factors that may influence the clinical course and symptoms. Cyclothymic temperament (CT) is particularly associated with functional impairment. Clinical features define both disorders, but objective, biological markers for these disorders could give important insights with regard to pathophysiology and classification.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Seventy-six patients, requiring diagnostic evaluation of ADHD, mood or anxiety disorders were recruited. A comprehensive diagnostic evaluation, including the CT scale of the Temperament Evaluation of Memphis, Pisa, Paris and San Diego - Auto-questionnaire (TEMPS-A), neuropsychological tests and actigraphy, was performed. ADHD was diagnosed according to the DSM-IV criteria. There was a range of different conditions in this clinical sample, but here we report on the presence of CT and ADHD in relation to motor activity. Twenty-nine healthy controls were recruited. We analyzed motor activity time series using linear and nonlinear mathematical methods, with a special focus on active and inactive periods in the actigraphic recordings.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Forty patients fulfilled the criteria for ADHD, with the remainder receiving other psychiatric diagnoses (clinical controls). Forty-two patients fulfilled the criteria for CT. Twenty-two patients fulfilled the criteria for ADHD and CT, 18 patients met the criteria for ADHD without CT, and 15 patients had neither. The ratio duration of active/inactive periods was significantly lower in patients with CT than in patients without CT, in both the total sample, and in the ADHD subsample.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('CT is associated with objectively assessed changes in motor activity, implying that the systems regulating motor behavior in these patients are different from both healthy controls and clinical controls without CT. Findings suggest that actigraphy may supplement clinical assessments of CT and ADHD, and may provide an objective marker for CT.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35866992,Sleep electroencephalogram evidence of delayed brain maturation in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a longitudinal study.,"['ADHD', 'EEG spectra', 'adolescence', 'development', 'homeostasis']","['Nato Darchia', 'Ian G Campbell', 'Tamar Basishvili', 'Marine Eliozishvili', 'Tinatin Tchintcharauli', 'Nikoloz Oniani', 'Irine Sakhelashvili', 'Irwin Feinberg']","[StringElement('This study investigates whether longitudinally measured changes in adolescent brain electrophysiology corroborate the maturational lag associated with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) reported in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) studies and cross-sectional sleep electroencephalogram (EEG) data.', attributes={'Label': 'STUDY OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('Semiannually nine adolescents diagnosed with ADHD (combined presentation, DSM-V criteria, mean age 12.39\u2005±\u20050.61 years at first time-point, two females) and nine typically developing controls (12.08\u2005±\u20050.35 years, four females) underwent all-night laboratory polysomnography, yielding four recordings.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Sleep macrostructure was similar between groups. A quadratic model of the age change in non-rapid eye movement (NREM) delta (1.07-4 Hz) power, with sex effects accounted for, found that delta power peaked 0.92\u2005±\u20050.37 years later in the ADHD group. A Gompertz function fit to the same data showed that the age of most rapid delta power decline occurred 0.93\u2005±\u20050.41 years later in the ADHD group (p\u2005=\u20050.037), but this group difference was not significant (p\u2005=\u20050.38) with sex effects accounted for. For very low frequency (0.29-1.07 Hz) EEG, the ADHD lag (1.07\u2005±\u20050.42 years later, p\u2005=\u20050.019) was significant for a Gompertz model with sex effects accounted for (p\u2005=\u20050.044). Theta (4-7.91 Hz) showed a trend (p\u2005=\u20050.064) toward higher power in the ADHD group. Analysis of the EEG decline across the night found that standardized delta and theta power in NREMP1 were significantly (p\u2005<\u20050.05 for both) lower in adolescents with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This is the first longitudinal study to reveal electrophysiological evidence of a maturational lag associated with ADHD. In addition, our findings revealed basically unaltered sleep macrostructure but altered sleep homeostasis associated with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31068020,Longitudinal Academic Outcomes of Children with Secondary Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder following Pediatric Stroke.,[],"['Samantha D Roberts', 'Kyla P McDonald', 'Ashley Danguecan', 'Jennifer Crosbie', 'Robyn Westmacott', 'Brendan Andrade', 'Nomazulu Dlamini', 'Tricia S Williams']","['The current longitudinal study examined academic outcomes of children diagnosed with secondary attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (S-ADHD) following stroke in comparison to children with stroke-only and children with developmental ADHD (D-ADHD), and explored potential predictors of progress in these groups. We followed 55 children (n\xa0=\xa017\xa0S-ADHD, n =\xa018 stroke-only, and n =\xa020 D-ADHD) over approximately four years. Children with S-ADHD and D-ADHD were more likely to have a comorbid learning disability, but children with S-ADHD were more likely to have declines in their reading scores over time. No individual or neurological factors accounted for declines. Math scores were equally likely to decline across all youth.']"34948881,Morphing Task: The Emotion Recognition Process in Children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Autism Spectrum Disorder.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'autism spectrum disorder (ASD)', 'emotion recognition', 'facial expression', 'pediatric']","['Cristina Greco', 'Maria Romani', 'Anna Berardi', 'Gloria De Vita', 'Giovanni Galeoto', 'Federica Giovannone', 'Miriam Vigliante', 'Carla Sogos']","[""Recognizing a person's identity is a fundamental social ability; facial expressions, in particular, are extremely important in social cognition. Individuals affected by autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) display impairment in the recognition of emotions and, consequently, in recognizing expressions related to emotions, and even their identity. The aim of our study was to compare the performance of participants with ADHD, ASD, and typical development (TD) with regard to both accuracy and speed in the morphing task and to determine whether the use of pictures of digitized cartoon faces could significantly facilitate the process of emotion recognition in ASD patients (particularly for disgust). This study investigated the emotion recognition process through the use of dynamic pictures (human faces vs. cartoon faces) created with the morphing technique in three pediatric populations (7-12 years old): ADHD patients, ASD patients, and an age-matched control sample (TD). The Chi-square test was used to compare response latency and accuracy between the three groups in order to determine if there were statistically significant differences (<i>p</i> < 0.05) in the recognition of basic emotions. The results demonstrated a faster response time in neurotypical children compared to ASD and ADHD children, with ADHD participants performing better than ASD participants on the same task. The overall accuracy parameter between the ADHD and ASD groups did not significantly differ.""]"32266439,[Adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and comorbidity: new findings on epidemiological and genetic factors].,"['Addiction', 'Epidemiology', 'Genetics', 'Psychiatric disorders', 'Somatic diseases']","['Sarah Kittel-Schneider', 'Andreas Reif']","[""All large population-based administrative studies currently indicate a significant comorbidity of adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) with addictive, anxiety and in particular affective disorders. In these investigations the risk for one of these comorbid disorders increased with increasing age of the ADHD patients. The most recent genome-wide association and correlation studies also revealed indications for joint genetic risk factors of ADHD with, in particular unipolar depression, bipolar disorder, autism spectrum disorders, Tourette's syndrome and to a\xa0lesser extent schizophrenia. The only psychiatric disorder that was negatively correlated with ADHD was anorexia nervosa. Additionally, cannabis and cocaine use were significantly positively genetically correlated with ADHD. Furthermore, an increased occurrence of some specific somatic diseases could be found in patients with adult ADHD. In particular, obesity, migraine, sleep disorders, asthma and celiac disease showed a significantly positive association with ADHD in several studies. No association was found between ADHD and cardiovascular disease. Here as well there are initial indications of joint genetic risk variants; however, data are still sparse and additional studies are needed before valid conclusions can be drawn. To some extent these associated somatic diseases might be differential diagnoses rather than true comorbidities, for example, obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) can lead to ADHD-like symptoms that disappear when the OSAS is sufficiently treated. Therefore, it is important to keep the co-occurrence of psychiatric and somatic disorders in mind during the diagnostics and treatment of adult ADHD patients to improve their general health and quality of life.""]"31676467,Altered resting functional network topology assessed using graph theory in youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Functional connectivity', 'Topology']","['Yanpei Wang', 'Chenyi Zuo', 'Qinfang Xu', 'Shuirong Liao', 'Maihefulaiti Kanji', 'Daoyang Wang']","['Notwithstanding an extensive literature about attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and brain structure and function, the controversy of ADHD resulting from dysfunction or developmental delay remains unclear. Graph analysis studies have reached consensus about the pattern of increased integration and decreased randomness during childhood and early adulthood. Here, we hypothesized that ADHD is a neurodevelopmental disorder resulting from developmental delay and would show a pattern of decreased integration and increased randomness during childhood and early adulthood compared with typically developing children. To test this hypothesis, publicly available resting-state fMRI data from 102 children with ADHD and 143 typically developing controls (TDC) were compared using graph theoretical analysis. Functional connectivity was estimated using Pearson correlation analysis, and network topology was characterized using small-world (SW) and minimum spanning tree (MST) properties. The mean strength of global connectivity was significantly weaker in those with ADHD and was related to ADHD diagnosis scores. Significant group differences were observed for SW(clustering coefficient, path length, global and local efficiency) and MST (leaf number, kappa and hierarchy) topology. In addition, except for global efficiency, all of these parameters showed significant correlations with ADHD-related disability. The topology of SW and MST showed less integration and more randomness, which confirmed that ADHD is a disorder associated with developmental delay. Moreover, the topology of resting-state functional networks in children with ADHD that show abnormalities was associated with the degree of disability, which can be considered neurological hallmarks of neurodevelopmental disorders and may facilitate the evaluation and monitoring of clinical status in individuals with ADHD.']"34205185,PLS-DA Model for the Evaluation of Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder in Children and Adolescents through Blood Serum FTIR Spectra.,"['FTIR spectroscopy', 'PLS-DA', 'attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'chemometrics']","['Gulce Ogruc Ildiz', 'Ahmet Karadag', 'Ersin Kaygisiz', 'Rui Fausto']","[""Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common neurodevelopmental disorders of childhood. It affects ~10% of the world's population of children, and about 30-50% of those diagnosed in childhood continue to show ADHD symptoms later, with 2-5% of adults having the condition. Current diagnosis of ADHD is based on the clinical evaluation of the patient, and on interviews performed by clinicians with parents and teachers of the children, which, together with the fact that it shares common symptoms and frequent comorbidities with other neurodevelopmental disorders, makes the accurate and timely diagnosis of the disorder a difficult task. Despite the large effort to identify reliable biomarkers that can be used in a clinical environment to support clinical diagnosis, this goal has never been achieved hitherto. In the present study, infrared spectroscopy was used together with multivariate statistical methods (hierarchical clustering and partial least-squares discriminant analysis) to develop a model based on the spectra of blood serum samples that is able to distinguish ADHD patients from healthy individuals. The developed model used an approach where the whole infrared spectrum (in the 3700-900 cm<sup>-1</sup> range) was taken as a holistic imprint of the biochemical blood serum environment (spectroscopic biomarker), overcoming the need for the search of any particular chemical substance associated with the disorder (molecular biomarker). The developed model is based on a sensitive and reliable technique, which is cheap and fast, thus appearing promising to use as a complementary diagnostic tool in the clinical environment.""]"28705637,[Do children with attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have a diferent gait pattern? Relationship between idiopathic toe-walking and ADHD].,"['Andadores de puntillas', 'Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder', 'Idiopathic toe-walking', 'Marcha de puntillas idiopática', 'Procesamiento sensorial', 'Sensory processing', 'Toe-walkers', 'Trastorno por déficit de atención e hiperactividad']","['Víctor Soto Insuga', 'Beatriz Moreno Vinués', 'Rebeca Losada Del Pozo', 'María Rodrigo Moreno', 'Marta Martínez González', 'Raquel Cutillas Ruiz', 'Carmen Mateos Carmen']","[StringElement('Idiopathic toe-walking (ITW) is described as a gait pattern with no contact between the heels and the ground in children older than 3years. The diagnosis is clinical, making it necessary to rule out other neurological and orthopaedic conditions. A relationship between ITW and vestibular dysfunction and/or proprioceptive sensibility has been proposed. Children with neurodevelopmental disorders (autism, language and cognitive disorders) often have ITW.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To determine the frequency of ITW in children with attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A study was conducted on children diagnosed with ADHD, with normal neurological examination, with no alterations in MRI scan, cognitive disorder or autism. A complete clinical anamnesis was performed and Achilles shortening was measured with a goniometer.', attributes={'Label': 'PATIENTS AND METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The study included 312 children with a mean age of 11 years (73.7% boys). The ADHD combined subtype was the most frequent (53.8%), followed by the inattentive (44.9%), and hyperactive (1.3%). ITW was observed in 20.8% of patients, particularly in the combined subtype (P=.054). Only 32 of them (49.2%) had Achilles shortening. ITW was associated with sociability disorders (P=.01), absence of pain in legs (P=.022), and family history of ITW (P=.004). Only 11% had previously visited a doctor for this reason.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('As in other neurodevelopmental disorders, children with ADHD have frequently more ITW and Achilles shortening than controls, especially if they presented with a social communication disorder or a family history of ITW. An early diagnosis is essential to establish effective treatments.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34989306,MicroRNA profile as potential molecular signature for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in children.,"['ADHD', 'Epigenetic regulation', 'diagnosis', 'dopaminergic system', 'miRNA']","['Ping Zhu', 'Jing Pan', 'Qian Qian Cai', 'Fan Zhang', 'Min Peng', 'Xing Li Fan', 'Hua Ji', 'Yi Wei Dong', 'Xing Zhong Wu', 'Li Hui Wu']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a prevalent disorder of neurodevelopment in children. The diagnosis of ADHD mainly relies on the symptoms and some may be misdiagnosed due to age-based variation in behaviours. This study aimed to explore biomarkers that are greatly needed for the accurate diagnosis of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Seven hundred and forty-two samples were retrospectively investigated in three independent cohorts, screening, training, and validation, for circulation microRNA measurement using microarray, Taqman polymerase chain reaction, and regression analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A panel of five miRNAs (miR-4516, miR-6090, miR-4763-3p, miR-4281, and miR-4466) were identified as ADHD independent risk factors that provided a high diagnostic accuracy and specificity of ADHD (AUC = 0.940 and 0.927 in the training and validation datasets, respectively). This panel of miRNAs differentiated ADHD well from control groups. After clinical improvement by treatment, the panel of miRNAs in patients and AUC changed significantly and were close to those in healthy controls. Importantly, the targets of the miRNAs identified were commonly enriched in receptor signalling pathways, ion channels, and synapse structures.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our study identified a useful panel of miRNAs that have considerable clinical value in evaluating ADHD and provide important evidence for aberrant epigenetic regulation in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"27569009,[Association between the characteristics of coordination development disorder and symptoms of attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity in children in the city of Manizales].,"['Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder', 'Child', 'Comorbidity', 'Comorbilidad', 'Diagnosis', 'Diagnóstico', 'Motor skills disorders', 'Niños', 'Trastorno por déficit de atención con hiperactividad', 'Trastornos de la destreza motora']","['Luisa Matilde Salamanca Duque', 'María Mercedes Naranjo Aristizábal', 'Ángel Laban Castro Castro', 'Guillermo Andrés Calle Jaramillo']","[StringElement('Developmental coordination disorder (DCD) in childhood is an important public health problem, which has important implications for different spheres of development: motor, cognitive, psychosocial and emotional. Therefore, the presence of comorbidity is common, along with other disorders in child development. This article presents a study that determines the association between DCD characteristics with attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To determine the association between DCD characteristics and ADHD symptoms in the city of Manizales, Colombia.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Cross-sectional, descriptive and associative study, in a sample of 140 children aged 6-12, randomised in public and private institutions. A structured interview was conducted, along with the questionnaires MINIKID and Cuestionario para Trastorno del Desarrollo de la Coordinación (CTDC). A descriptive univariate analysis was performed on the the sociodemographic characteristics, as well as association tests with χ(2) test, and dependence level with φ\xa0coefficient.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A statistically significant association was found between the CTDC characteristics with ADHD symptoms (φ=.452; P=.001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('An association was found in the studied population between the CTDC characteristics and ADHD symptoms, indicating that children with difficulties in motor performance may also have attention difficulties and hyperactivity.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30945761,DSM-5 eating disorder symptoms in adolescents with and without attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A population-based study.,"['adolescent', 'anorexia nervosa', 'attention-deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'binge-eating disorder', 'bulimia nervosa', 'feeding and eating disorders']","['Matthew Bisset', 'Nicole Rinehart', 'Emma Sciberras']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with increased eating disorder symptoms, yet little research examining this association has taken a diagnostic approach using a population-based sample. This cross-sectional study examined differences in DSM-5 eating disorder symptoms and partial-syndrome diagnoses at 14-15\u2009years of age in adolescents with and without ADHD in a population-based sample.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This study uses data from waves 1, 5 and 6 of the Longitudinal Study of Australian Children (N\u2009=\u20092,672). ADHD (6.9%) was defined at 12-13\u2009years of age by both parent- and teacher-reported hyperactivity-inattention scores ≥90th percentile on the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire, parent-reported ADHD diagnosis, and/or ADHD medication treatment. Adolescents reported eating disorder symptoms at 14-15\u2009years of age via the Branched Eating Disorders Test.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Boys with ADHD had greater odds of regular objective binge eating than boys without ADHD (OR: 9.4; 95% CI: 1.7-52.8; p\u2009=\u2009.01). Groups did not differ in prevalence of any other eating disorder symptoms or partial-syndrome diagnoses.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Boys with ADHD appear to be at a greater risk of regular binge eating classified by DSM-5 criteria at 14-15\u2009years of age. Overall, the risk for eating disorder symptoms and partial-syndrome diagnoses in adolescents with ADHD does not appear to be high at 14-15\u2009years of age when using DSM-5 criteria with population-based sampling.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION'})]"33528847,Prevalence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in people with mood disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'bipolar disorder', 'comorbidity', 'major depressive disorder', 'meta-analysis']","['Andrea Sandstrom', 'Nader Perroud', 'Martin Alda', 'Rudolf Uher', 'Barbara Pavlova']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in mood disorders is associated with unfavorable outcomes, including more frequent mood episodes, and increased risk of suicide. The reported prevalence of ADHD in individuals with mood disorders varies widely.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We searched PsycInfo and PubMed for articles published before September 21<sup>st</sup> , 2020, using search terms for ADHD and mood disorders. We included original data on the prevalence of ADHD in individuals with bipolar disorder (BD) or major depressive disorder (MDD). We estimated the prevalence of ADHD, by developmental period and disorder using random-effects meta-analyses. We also compared the rate of ADHD in people with MDD and BD, and with and without mood disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Based on 92 studies including 17089 individuals, prevalence of ADHD in BD is 73% (95% CI 66-79) in childhood, 43% (95% CI 35-50) in adolescence, and 17% (95% CI 14-20) in adulthood. Data from 52 studies with 16897 individuals indicated that prevalence of ADHD in MDD is 28% (95% CI 19-39) in childhood, 17% (95% CI 12-24) in adolescence, and 7% (95% CI 4-11) in adulthood. ADHD was three times more common in people with mood disorders compared to those without and 1.7 times more common in BD compared to MDD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('People with mood disorders are at a significant risk for ADHD. ADHD should be assessed and treated in individuals with BD and MDD. Comprehensive assessment strategies are needed to address challenges of diagnosing ADHD alongside mood disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"30180832,Identification and treatment of offenders with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in the prison population: a practical approach based upon expert consensus.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Consensus', 'Identification', 'Interventions', 'Prison population', 'Treatment', 'UKAP']","['Susan Young', 'Gisli Gudjonsson', 'Prathiba Chitsabesan', 'Bill Colley', 'Emad Farrag', 'Andrew Forrester', 'Jack Hollingdale', 'Keira Kim', 'Alexandra Lewis', 'Sarah Maginn', 'Peter Mason', 'Sarah Ryan', 'Jade Smith', 'Emma Woodhouse', 'Philip Asherson']","[StringElement('Around 25% of prisoners meet diagnostic criteria for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Because ADHD is associated with increased recidivism and other functional and behavioural problems, appropriate diagnosis and treatment can be a critical intervention to improve outcomes. While ADHD is a treatable condition, best managed by a combination of medication and psychological treatments, among individuals in the criminal justice system ADHD remains both mis- and under-diagnosed and consequently inadequately treated. We aimed to identify barriers within the prison system that prevent appropriate intervention, and provide a practical approach to identify and treat incarcerated offenders with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""The United Kingdom ADHD Partnership hosted a consensus meeting to discuss practical interventions for youth (<\u200918\xa0years) and adult (≥18\xa0years) offenders with ADHD. Experts at the meeting addressed prisoners' needs for effective identification, treatment, and multiagency liaison, and considered the requirement of different approaches based on age or gender."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""The authors developed a consensus statement that offers practical advice to anyone working with prison populations. We identified specific barriers within the prison and criminal justice system such as the lack of adequate: staff and offender awareness of ADHD symptoms and treatments; trained mental health staff; use of appropriate screening and diagnostic tools; appropriate multimodal interventions; care management; supportive services; multiagency liaison; and preparation for prison release. Through discussion, a consensus was reached regarding prisoners' needs, effective identification, treatment and multiagency liaison and considered how this may differ for age and gender."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This practical approach based upon expert consensus will inform effective identification and treatment of offenders with ADHD. Appropriate intervention is expected to have a positive impact on the offender and society and lead to increased productivity, decreased resource utilization, and most importantly reduced rates of re-offending. Research is still needed, however, to identify optimal clinical operating models and to monitor their implementation and measure their success. Furthermore, government support will likely be required to effect change in criminal justice and mental health service policies.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33677627,Predictive validity of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder from ages 3 to 5 Years.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Children', 'Longitudinal', 'Sensitivity']","['Kristin Romvig Overgaard', 'Beate Oerbeck', 'Svein Friis', 'Are Hugo Pripp', 'Heidi Aase', 'Pål Zeiner']","[""We investigated to what extent parent-rated attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and impairment at age 3\xa0years predicted elevated ADHD symptoms at age 5\xa0years, and whether teacher-rated ADHD symptoms improved these predictions. This study is part of the longitudinal, population-based Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study. Parents of 3-year-old children (n\u2009=\u20091195) were interviewed about ADHD and impairment, and teachers rated child ADHD symptoms by the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire or the Early Childhood Inventory-4. At 5\xa0years of age, the children (n\u2009=\u2009957) were classified as ADHD-positive or -negative using Conners' Parent Rating Scale. Relying solely on parent-rated ADHD or impairment at age 3\xa0years did moderately well in identifying children with persistent elevation of ADHD symptoms, but gave many false positives (positive predictive values (PPVs): .40-.57). A small group of children (n\u2009=\u200920, 13 boys) scored above cut-off on both parent-rated ADHD and impairment, and teacher-rated ADHD symptoms, although adding teacher-rated ADHD symptoms slightly weakened the predictive power for girls. For this small group, PPVs were .76 for boys and .64 for girls. Limiting follow-up to these few children will miss many children at risk for ADHD. Therefore, we recommend close monitoring also of children with parent-reported ADHD symptoms and/or impairment to avoid delay in providing interventions. Clinicians should also be aware that teachers may miss ADHD symptoms in preschool girls.""]"31917238,Frontal volume as a potential source of the comorbidity between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and reading disorders.,"['ADHD', 'Children', 'Comorbid RD/ADHD', 'Frontal lobe', 'MRI', 'Reading disorders']","['Michelle Y Kibby', 'Sarah M Dyer', 'Sylvia E Lee', 'Maria Stacy']","['Prefrontal volume reductions commonly are demonstrated in ADHD, but the literature examining prefrontal volume in reading disorders (RD) is scant despite their also having executive functioning (EF) deficits. Furthermore, only a few anatomical studies have examined the frontal lobes in comorbid RD/ADHD, though they have EF deficits similar to RD and ADHD. Hence, we examined frontal gyri volume in children with RD, ADHD, RD/ADHD and controls, as well as their relationship to EF for gyri found to differ between groups. We found right inferior frontal (RIF) volume was smaller in ADHD, and smaller volume was related to worse behavioral regulation. Left superior frontal (LSF) volume was larger in RD than ADHD, and its size was negatively related to basic reading ability. Left middle frontal (LMF) volume was largest in RD/ADHD overall. Further, its volume was not related to basic reading nor behavioral regulation but was related to worse attentional control, suggesting some specificity in its EF relationship. When examining hypotheses on the etiology of RD/ADHD, RD/ADHD was commensurate with ADHD in RIF volume and both RD and ADHD in LSF volume (being midway between the groups), consistent with the common etiology hypothesis. Nevertheless, they also had an additional gyrus affected: LMF, consistent with the cognitive subtype hypothesis in its specificity to RD/ADHD. The few other frontal aMRI studies on RD/ADHD supported both hypotheses as well. Given this, future research should continue to focus on frontal morphology in its endeavors to find neurobiological contributors to the comorbidity between RD and ADHD.']"32516993,Emotional Bias Modification in Youths with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): New Research Vista.,"['ADHD', 'child psychiatry', 'cognitive biases', 'emotional bias']","['Zhang Melvyn', 'Aloysius Chow', 'Ranganath Vallabhajosyula', 'Daniel Ss Fung']","['Whilst cognitive bias modification was initially used in the treatment of anxiety disorders, it is also currently being used for the treatment of other psychopathologies. In fact, cognitive bias modification has been especially well-investigated amongst children and adolescents. A recent review suggests some evidence for the modification of interpretative biases amongst children with neurodevelopment disorders. There have since been other studies reporting of the existence of other cognitive biases, such as emotional biases, amongst individuals with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This perspective article will discuss the epidemiology of ADHD and the nature of emotional biases that are present amongst individuals with ADHD. This perspective article also reviewed some of the studies that have assessed and modified emotional biases in individuals with ADHD. A total of three studies have been identified from the published literature that provide evidence for targeting emotional biases amongst individuals with ADHD. These studies provide us with preliminary evidence for the effectiveness of modifying emotional biases and how it could help in ameliorating symptoms related to emotional dysregulation. There needs to be future research in this area with further evidence supporting the effectiveness of modifying emotional biases. It is also crucial for future research to determine which of these tools is best at detecting such biases, and which of these tools are versatile enough and non-invasive that they could safely be implemented for both research and clinical needs.']"33517944,Treatment of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children with CHD.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'CHD', 'arrhythmias', 'stimulants']","['Alyson R Pierick', 'Melodie Lynn', 'Courtney M McCracken', 'Matthew E Oster', 'Glen J Iannucci']","[StringElement('The prevalence of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder in the general population is common and is now diagnosed in 4%-12% of children. Children with CHD have been shown to be at increased risk for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Case reports have led to concern regarding the use of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder medications in children with underlying CHD. We hypothesised that medical therapy for patients with CHD and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder is safe.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A single-centre, retrospective chart review was performed evaluating for adverse events in patients aged 4-21 years with CHD who received attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder therapy over a 5-year span. Inclusion criteria were a diagnosis of CHD and concomitant medical therapy with amphetamines, methylphenidate, or atomoxetine. Patients with trivial or spontaneously resolved CHD were excluded from analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In 831 patients with CHD who received stimulants with a mean age of 12.9 years, there was only one adverse cardiovascular event identified. Using sensitivity analysis, our median follow-up time was 686 days and a prevalence rate of 0.21% of adverse events. This episode consisted of increased frequency of supraventricular tachycardia in a patient who had this condition prior to initiation of medical therapy; the condition improved with discontinuation of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder therapy.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The incidence of significant adverse cardiovascular events in our population was similar to the prevalence of supraventricular tachycardia in the general population. Our single-centre experience demonstrated no increased risk in adverse events related to medical therapy for children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and underlying CHD. Further population-based studies are indicated to validate these findings.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35772139,Effects of Musicotherapy Combined with Cognitive Behavioral Intervention on the Cognitive Ability of Children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,[],['Chenguang Zhu'],"[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) mainly manifests as learning difficulties, emotional impulsiveness, excessive activities, and attention deficit disorder. Given that it can influence social communication abilities, as well as physical and psychological health and viability, ADHD rehabilitation has attracted close attention. This study aims to discuss the influences of musicotherapy combined with cognitive behavioral intervention on the cognitive ability of children with ADHD and provide some references for ADHD rehabilitation.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""A total of 120 children with ADHD in the Cooperative Hospital of Guangzhou University from June 2018 to May 2021 were chosen as the research objects. They were divided randomly into the control and observation groups with 60 cases in each group via the observing random digital method. The control group was the blank control and did not receive any intervention. The observation group received 16 weeks of musicotherapy combined with cognitive behavioral intervention. Symptoms and the results of the numerical cross-attention test, the Wisconsin card sorting test, the combined Raven's test (CRT), the Wechsler intelligence scale for children test, and Conner's child behavioral scale for parents of the two groups before and after the intervention were compared."", attributes={'Label': 'SUBJECTS AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""The relevant indexes of the control group did not show any significant changes after the intervention (P>0.05). In the intervention group, the accurately crossed number and net scores increased significantly, whereas the wrongly crossed number and missed crossed number scores and error; attention deficit; hyperactivity-impulsiveness; and ADHD-RS-Ⅳ total scores declined dramatically after intervention relative to those before the intervention. Moreover, the above indexes of the observation group showed more significant improvements than those of the control group (P<0.05). In the observation group, the conceptual level percentage and the number of completed classes had significantly increased and the number of discontinuous errors and number of continuous errors after the intervention had dropped sharply compared with those before. The above indexes of the observation group had improved significantly compared with those of the control group (P<0.05). Moreover, in both groups, the concentration/attention factor and CRT scores increased dramatically and the scores of Conner's child behavior scale after the intervention had dropped significantly compared with those before. After intervention, the above indexes of the observation group showed greater improvements than those of the control group (P<0.05)."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The musicotherapy combined with cognitive behavioral intervention can improve the cognitive functions of children with ADHD and has clinical application values.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33150816,"Improved Executive Function in Adults Diagnosed With Attention-Deficit/ Hyperactivity Disorder as Measured by the Brown Attention-Deficit Disorder Scale Following Treatment With SHP465 Mixed Amphetamine Salts Extended-Release: Post Hoc Analyses From 2 Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Studies.","['Brown Attention-Deficit Disorder Scale', 'SHP465 mixed amphetamine salt', 'adults', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'executive function']","['Thomas E Brown', 'Jie Chen', 'Brigitte Robertson']","[StringElement('Assess executive function (EF) improvement with SHP465 mixed amphetamine salts (MAS) extended-release in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) using responder analyses of the Brown Attention-Deficit Disorder Scale (BADDS).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Post hoc analyses examined data from placebo-controlled SHP465 MAS dose-optimization (12.5-75\u2009mg) and fixed-dose (25-75\u2009mg) studies. Treatment response was assessed using two definitions (BADDS total score at endpoint <50 [no EF impairment] vs. ≥50 [impaired]; BADDS total score at endpoint relative to the in-treatment 90% CI range for baseline total score [below the range = improved]).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Response rates (SHP465 MAS vs. placebo) favored SHP465 MAS (all nominal <i>p</i> < .0001) in the dose-optimization (BADDS <50: 41.9% vs. 19.2%; below 90% CI range: 57.4% vs. 29.6%) and fixed-dose (BADDS <50: 51.9% vs. 16.7%; below 90% CI range: 70.6% vs. 32.3%) studies.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Improvement in EF measured by BADDS response rates was approximately 2-fold greater with SHP465 MAS than placebo.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33375278,"Trait-Based Dimensions Discriminating Adults with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) and, Co-occurring ADHD/ASD.","['adults', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'autism spectrum disorder (ASD)', 'self-report dimensions']","['Artemios Pehlivanidis', 'Katerina Papanikolaou', 'Kalliopi Korobili', 'Eva Kalantzi', 'Vasileios Mantas', 'Dimitra Pappa', 'Charalambos Papageorgiou']","['This study assessed the co-occurrence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in newly diagnosed adults of normal intelligence and the contribution of trait-based dimensions deriving from the Barkley Adult ADHD Rating Scale-IV (BAARS-IV), the Autism-Spectrum Quotient (AQ), and the Empathy Quotient (EQ) to the differentiation of patients with ADHD, ASD, and ADHD/ASD. A total of 16.1% of patients with ADHD received a co-occurring ASD diagnosis, while 33.3% of patients with ASD received an ADHD diagnosis. Subjects with ADHD or ADHD/ASD had higher scores in all ADHD traits compared to ASD subjects. Compared to the ADHD group, the ASD group had AQ scores that were significantly greater, except for attention to detail. ADHD/ASD co-occurrence significantly increased the score of attention to detail. The total EQ score was greater in the ADHD group. In the stepwise logistic regression analyses, past hyperactivity, current inattention and impulsivity, attention switching, communication, imagination, and total EQ score discriminated ADHD patients from ASD patients. Attention to detail, imagination, and total EQ score discriminated ADHD cases from ADHD/ASD cases, while past hyperactivity and current impulsivity discriminated ASD subjects from ADHD/ASD subjects. Our findings highlight the importance of particular trait-based dimensions when discriminating adults with ADHD, ASD, and co-occurring ADHD/ASD.']"30990937,The impact of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in obsessive-compulsive disorder subjects.,"['attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'comorbidity', 'obsessive-compulsive disorder']","['Thiago Blanco-Vieira', 'Matheus Santos', 'Ygor A Ferrão', 'Albina R Torres', 'Eurípedes C Miguel', 'Michael H Bloch', 'James F Leckman', 'Maria C do Rosario']","[StringElement('Recent findings suggest an association between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Thus, we evaluated the clinical associated features of ADHD in a large sample of adult OCD patients.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""A cross-sectional study including 955 adult patients with OCD from the Brazilian Research Consortium of Obsessive-Compulsive Spectrum Disorders (C-TOC). Clinical characteristics in adult OCD patients with and without comorbid ADHD were compared using Fisher's exact test, t-tests or Mann-Whitney tests. Bivariate analyses were followed by logistic regression analysis to identify clinical characteristics independently associated with ADHD comorbidity."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The lifetime prevalence of ADHD in adult OCD patients was 13.7%. The current results indicate that OCD + ADHD patients were more severe, had an earlier onset of the obsessive-compulsive symptoms, a higher history of rheumatic fever, with higher frequencies of sensory phenomena and comorbidity with Tourette syndrome. They also had an increased risk for academic impairment and suicide attempts.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Adult OCD patients with ADHD present some specific clinical features and may represent a special subgroup of adult OCD. Future studies should focus on the development of interventions more tailored to the phenotype of this subgroup of patients.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34511167,Cognitive impairment in children with benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a prospective study.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes', 'Child', 'Cognitive function', 'Event-related potential P300', 'Integrated visual and auditory continuous performance test', 'Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children']","['Hai-Bo Fang', 'Rong Wang', 'Lin-Na Chu', 'Yan-Fang Feng', 'Rong-Rong Bai', 'Feng-Tong Guo']","[StringElement('To study the difference in cognitive impairment between the children with benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BECT) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and those with BECT or ADHD alone.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A prospective study was performed on 80 children with BECT and ADHD, 91 children with BECT, and 70 children with ADHD , who were diagnosed with the diseases for the first time. Seventy children of the same age who underwent physical examination were enrolled as the healthy control group. Event-related potential P300, Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children, and integrated visual and auditory continuous performance test were used to measure and compare each index between groups.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Compared with the healthy control group, the BECT+ADHD group, the BECT group, and the ADHD group had a significantly prolonged P300 latency, a significant reduction in the amplitude of P300, and significant reductions in the scores of verbal comprehension index (VCI), perceptual reasoning index (PRI), working memory index (WMI), processing speed index (PSI), full scale intelligence quotient (FSIQ), auditory response control quotient (ARCQ), visual response control quotient, full response control quotient (FRCQ), auditory attention quotient (AAQ), visual attention quotient, and full attention quotient (<i>P</i><0.05). Compared with the BECT group, the BECT+ADHD group had a significantly prolonged P300 latency, a significant reduction in the amplitude of P300, and significant reductions in the scores of VCI, PRI, WMI, PSI, FSIQ, and FRCQ (<i>P</i><0.05). Compared with the ADHD group, the BECT+ADHD group had a significantly prolonged P300 latency, a significant reduction in the amplitude of P300, and significant reductions in the scores of VCI, PRI, FSIQ, ARCQ, FRCQ, and AAQ (<i>P</i><0.05).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Compared with the children with BECT or ADHD alone, the children with both BECT and ADHD have basically the same fields of cognitive impairment but a higher degree of cognitive impairment in some fields.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35416304,Clustering of social disadvantage with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in young adults: A register-based study in Sweden.,"['ADHD', 'clustering', 'socioeconomic', 'unemployment', 'young adults']","['Marianna Virtanen', 'Tea Lallukka', 'Kristina Alexanderson', 'Magnus Helgesson', 'Katriina Heikkilä', 'Jenni Ervasti', 'Jaana Pentti', 'Jussi Vahtera', 'Mika Kivimäki', 'Ellenor Mittendorfer-Rutz']","['The clustering of social disadvantage with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in young adulthood is not well understood. We examined the clustering of ADHD with low educational attainment and unemployment in young adulthood; whether such clustering is stronger when unemployment is prolonged; and whether further clustering of disability pensioning, low education and unemployment occurs among those with ADHD. Data were obtained from Swedish health, demographic and social security registers from which 8,990 individuals with recorded ADHD diagnoses at the age of 10-35 and their 44,387 matched referents without mental disorders. Social disadvantage was measured using data on educational attainment, unemployment and disability pension from the diagnosis year or age 19 if diagnosed at younger age. Clustering was examined by comparing observed and expected occurrence (O/E ratio) of all possible combinations of ADHD, low education and unemployment, and, among those with ADHD, additional combinations with new-onset disability pension. The likelihood of having neither ADHD, low education nor unemployment was increased (O/E ratio\u2009=\u20091.20, 95% confidence interval 1.19-1.20 at baseline; 1.18, 1.17-1.18 at follow-up), as well as having all three characteristics (O/E ratio\u2009=\u20093.99, 3.89-4.10 at baseline; 5.68, 5.47-5.89 at follow-up). This clustering was stronger among women than men and when unemployment was prolonged. The results suggest that low education and unemployment appear to cluster remarkably with ADHD among young adults, more so among women and when unemployment is prolonged.']"34097567,Is common carotid artery intima-media thickness (cIMT) a risk assessment marker in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder?,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit', 'Conners', 'cIMT', 'carotid intima media thickness', 'hyperactivity disorder']","['Hakan Öğütlü', 'Onur Taydas', 'Mehmet Karadag', 'Baran Çalışgan', 'Mecit Kantarci']","[StringElement('Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with impairment in social, academic and job-related functioning in both children and adults. The purpose of this study is to investigate the susceptibility to cardiovascular risk factors in children with ADHD diagnosis through common carotid artery intima-media thickness (cIMT) measurement, to compare cIMT in ADHD and control groups and to evaluate the association between cIMT and ADHD symptom severity.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The mean cIMT of 42 children with ADHD, ADHD symptom scales and a semi-structured psychiatric interview, and 42 age and sex matched healthy controls were measured with B-mode Doppler neck ultrasonography.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The median cIMT was significantly higher for the ADHD group compared to the healthy controls. There was a statistically significant, negative, moderate correlation between cIMT and Conners ADHD index score, hyperactivity score, oppositional score and the presence of ODD comorbidity.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In this study, we found significantly higher cIMT in children with ADHD when compared to healthy controls. Considering that increased cIMT is a sign of atherosclerosis and it can be used as a marker of cardiovascular risk factors, our finding may indicate that children with ADHD are at increased risk for cardiovascular diseases.KeypointscIMT was significantly higher in children with ADHD when compared to healthy controls.Higher cIMT in children with ADHD may indicate that children with ADHD are at increased risk for cardiovascular diseases.cIMT measurement may be studied as a potential tool for risk assessment before a child with ADHD is started on psychostimulant medications.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32741784,Comparison of the effects of treadmill and vibration training in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: A randomized controlled trial.,"['ADHD symptoms', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'executive functions', 'quality of life', 'treadmill training', 'whole body vibration training']","['Elif Durgut', 'A Cahid Orengul', 'Z Candan Algun']","[StringElement('The aim of this study was to compare the effects of treadmill training (TT) and whole body vibration training (WBVT) on attention, severity of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms and impairment of executive function behaviors, and quality of life in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""Thirty children (7-11 years of age) with ADHD were randomly assigned to either the 'TT' group or the 'WBVT in addition to TT' group (TT\u200a+\u200aWBVT). Both groups received TT for 8 weeks (3 days/week). The TT\u200a+\u200aWBWT group also received WBVT for 15 minutes. Stroop Test TBAG form, Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF), Conners' Rating Scale (CRS) and Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory (PedsQL) were applied at baseline and after 8 weeks of training."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('All assessment results significantly improved in both groups at the end of the program compared to baseline values (p\u200a<\u200a0,05). There were significant differences between groups regarding improvements in CTRS-R/L and BRIEF-Teacher form in favor of the TT\u200a+\u200aWBVT group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The findings suggest that exercise training including TT and WBVT might be used in the treatment of ADHD but further research is required to provide evidence of the effectiveness of the whole body vibration training in the management of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35856315,Gender differences in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: an update of the current evidence.,[],"['Silvia Fraticelli', 'Giulia Caratelli', 'Domenico De Berardis', 'Giuseppe Ducci', 'Mauro Pettorruso', 'Giovanni Martinotti', 'Gianluigi Di Cesare', 'Massimo di Giannantonio']","['The attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in women has recently received considerable attention, as research has shown an underestimation of the disorder in females, due to a difference in presentation compared to males: females have a higher risk of having ADHD, without those ""disruptive"" symptoms that determine the request for help. The purpose of the present narrative review is to identify the neglected clinical problems in the diagnostic and therapeutic intervention of women with ADHD and to analyze the associated comorbid problems. The conducted PubMed search and the relevant literature review on the topic show that the impairment of ADHD in women is underestimated due to the different ways the phenomenon manifests compared to traditional male\'s symptoms. This underestimation consequently leads to an inadequate treatment and has negative repercussions on the social context in which women are involved in.']"27921139,"Reduced inattention and hyperactivity and improved cognition after marine oil extract (PCSO-524®) supplementation in children and adolescents with clinical and subclinical symptoms of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.","['ADHD', 'Attention', 'Children', 'Cognition', 'Green-lipped mussel', 'Hyperactivity', 'Marine oil', 'Mood', 'Omega-3']","['James D Kean', 'Jerome Sarris', 'Andrew Scholey', 'Richard Silberstein', 'Luke A Downey', 'Con Stough']","[StringElement(""This study investigated the effects of a marine oil extract (PCSO-524®) on inattention, hyperactivity, mood and cognition in children and adolescents. PCSO-524® is a standardised lipid extract of the New Zealand green-lipped mussel and is an inflammatory modulator that inhibits the 5'-lipoxygenase and cyclooxygenase pathways and decreases concentrations of the pro-inflammatory arachidonic acid (AA)."", attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('PCSO-524® or a matched placebo was administered for 14\xa0weeks to 144 participants (123 males/21 females; mean age 8.7\xa0years) with high hyperactivity and inattention in a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. The primary outcome was the Conners Parent Rating Scale assessing parental reports of behavioural problems. Secondary outcomes assessed changes in cognition and mood.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The results of the present study did not support the hypothesis that PCSO-524® improves parental reports of hyperactivity, inattention and impulsivity in children ages 6 to 14\xa0years over placebo. Repeated measures ANOVA on post hoc subsample analysis indicated significant improvements in hyperactivity (p\xa0=\xa00.04), attention (p\xa0=\xa00.02), learning (p\xa0=\xa00.05) and probability of ADHD (p\xa0=\xa00.04) with a medium to large average effect size (d\xa0=\xa00.65) in those children who did not meet criteria for combined hyperactivity and inattention. Furthermore, significant improvements in the PCSO-524® group were indicated in a whole sample repeated measures ANCOVA on recognition memory between baseline and week 8 over placebo (p\xa0=\xa00.02, d\xa0=\xa00.56); this difference was not sustained at week 14.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The results presented indicate that PCSO-524® may be beneficial in reducing levels of hyperactivity and inattention in a population of children with clinical and subclinical symptoms of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34826114,"Pharmacokinetics, Safety, and Tolerability of SHP465 Mixed Amphetamine Salts After Administration of Multiple Daily Doses in Children Aged 4-5 Years with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.",[],"['Katarina Ilic', 'Alan R Kugler', 'Brian Yan', 'Nora McNamara']","[StringElement('Given the limited treatment options for younger children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), a clinical study for SHP465 treatment was warranted.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We aimed to evaluate the pharmacokinetics, safety, and tolerability of SHP465 mixed amphetamine salts (MAS) 6.25 mg after multiple once-daily doses in children aged 4-5 years with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('In this open-label multicenter study, SHP465 MAS 6.25 mg once daily was administered for 28 days to children aged 4-5 years with ADHD; baseline ADHD Rating Scale-5 total score ≥ 28 (boys) or ≥ 24 (girls) and Clinical Global Impression-Severity scale score ≥ 4. Blood samples were collected in the pharmacokinetic-rich group predose on day 1 week\xa01 and day 7 week 4 (predose, postdose at 2, 5, 8, 12, 16, 24, and 48 hours); and in the pharmacokinetic-sparse group predose on day 1 weeks 1, 2, and 3 and 24 hours postdose on day 7 week 4 . Key pharmacokinetic parameters included maximum plasma drug concentration (C<sub>max</sub>), plasma trough drug concentration, time to C<sub>max</sub> during a dosing interval (t<sub>max</sub>), area under the concentration-time curve from time 0 to time of last collected sample, area under the concentration-time curve over the dosing interval (24 h) at steady state (AUC<sub>tau,ss</sub>), first-order rate constant associated with the terminal phase of elimination, terminal half-life (t<sub>1/2</sub>), total clearance of drug from plasma after oral administration, and apparent volume of distribution at steady state. Safety endpoints included treatment-emergent adverse events and vital signs.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Mean ± standard deviation age and body mass index of 24 participants (66.7% male) were 4.8 ± 0.41 years and 17.2 ± 3.18 kg/m<sup>2</sup>, respectively. The most common ADHD was the combined presentation (91.7%); ratings were 50% markedly ill and 45.8% moderately ill on the Clinical Global Impression-Severity scale. Plasma d-amphetamine and l-amphetamine steady state was attained by predose on treatment day 8, consistent with the half-life. Peak steady-state plasma concentration (median t<sub>max</sub>) for both d-amphetamine and l-amphetamine occurred at 7.92 h postdose on day 7 week 4 and thereafter declined monoexponentially, with a geometric mean t<sub>1/2</sub> of 10.4 and 12.3 h for d-amphetamine and l-amphetamine, respectively. For both d-amphetamine and l-amphetamine, C<sub>max</sub> and AUC<sub>tau,ss</sub> were comparable between children aged 4 years (n = 3) and children aged 5 years (n = 8) regardless of sex. In total, 14 treatment-emergent adverse events were reported by 45.8% (11/24) of participants. Five treatment-emergent adverse events, reported for four (16.7%) participants, were considered treatment related; affect lability occurred in two (8.3%) participants, and insomnia, accidental overdose, and increased blood pressure each occurred in one (4.2%) participant.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In children aged 4-5 years with ADHD, following multiple once-daily administrations of SHP465 MAS 6.25\xa0mg, the pharmacokinetic profile of plasma d-amphetamine and l-amphetamine was generally consistent among participants. Between-individual variability of plasma d-amphetamine and l-amphetamine steady-state exposure was low to moderate. SHP465 MAS was generally well tolerated in this study.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03327402 (31 October, 2017).', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION'})]"29845681,Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms and suicidal behavior in adult psychiatric outpatients.,"['Japan', 'attempted suicide', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'outpatients', 'suicidal ideation']","['Andrew Stickley', 'Hisateru Tachimori', 'Yosuke Inoue', 'Takahiro Shinkai', 'Reiji Yoshimura', 'Jun Nakamura', 'Gihei Morita', 'Shigeki Nishii', 'Yuki Tokutsu', 'Yuka Otsuka', 'Kazuteru Egashira', 'Miyuki Inoue', 'Takamitsu Kubo', 'Hirofumi Tesen', 'Naoyuki Takashima', 'Hirotaka Tominaga', 'Ai Koyanagi', 'Yoko Kamio']","[StringElement('We aimed to examine the association between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms and suicidal behavior in psychiatric outpatients and whether this association differs among patients with different psychiatric disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Cross-sectional data came from the Japan Prevalence Study of Adult ADHD at Psychiatric Outpatient Care, which included psychiatric outpatients aged 18-65 years recruited from one university hospital and three general psychiatric outpatient clinics in Kitakyushu City, Fukuoka, Japan from April 2014 to January 2015 (N = 864). The Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS) Screener was used to collect information on ADHD symptoms. Reports of current and lifetime suicidal behavior were also obtained. A multivariable Poisson regression analysis was used to examine the association between ADHD symptoms and suicidal behavior.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('After adjusting for covariates there was a strong association between possible ADHD (ASRS ≥14) and suicidal behavior with prevalence ratios ranging from 1.17 (lifetime suicidal ideation) to 1.59 (lifetime suicide attempt) and 2.36 (current suicidal ideation). When ASRS strata were used, there was a dose-response association between increasing ADHD symptoms and suicidal ideation and suicide attempts. Analyses of individual ICD-10 psychiatric disorders showed that associations varied across disorders and that for anxiety disorder, ADHD symptoms were significantly linked to all forms of suicidal behavior.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ADHD symptom severity is associated with an increased risk for suicidal behavior in general psychiatric outpatients. As ADHD symptoms are common among adult psychiatric outpatients, detecting and treating ADHD in this population may be important for preventing suicidal behavior.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33600233,Translating Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Rating Scale-5 and Weiss Functional Impairment Rating Scale-Parent Effectiveness Scores into Clinical Global Impressions Clinical Significance Levels in Four Randomized Clinical Trials of SPN-812 (Viloxazine Extended-Release) in Children and Adolescents with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Clinical Global Impressions Scale', 'SPN-812', 'Viloxazine Extended-Release', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'clinical relevance']","['Azmi Nasser', 'Alisa R Kosheleff', 'Joseph T Hull', 'Tesfaye Liranso', 'Peibing Qin', 'Gregory D Busse', ""Welton O'Neal"", 'Maurizio Fava', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Jonathan Rubin']","[""<b><i>Objectives:</i></b> Clinical trials in psychiatry frequently report results from lengthy, comprehensive assessments to characterize a subject emotionally, cognitively, and behaviorally before and after treatment. However, the potential treatment implications of these results and how they translate into clinical practice remain unclear. Conversely, the Clinical Global Impressions (CGI) scales are quick, intuitive assessments used to assess the functional impact of a treatment in clinically relevant terms. The objectives of the present analyses are to translate scores from comprehensive assessments of symptom severity and functional impairment into clinically meaningful CGI levels. <b><i>Methods:</i></b> These <i>post-hoc</i> analyses use data integrated from four pivotal Phase 3 trials in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and adolescents treated with the novel nonstimulant SPN-812 (Viloxazine Extended-Release). In this study, we evaluated the ADHD Rating Scale-5 (ADHD-RS-5) and Weiss Functional Impairment Rating Scale-Parent (WFIRS-P), assessments of symptom severity and functional impairment, respectively, by linking these scales with the CGI scales at baseline and end of study. <b><i>Results:</i></b> For participants that improved, a one-level change on the CGI-Improvement (CGI-I) was associated with a 10-15-point change on the ADHD-RS-5, and a 0.2-0.5-point change on the WFIRS-P. On the CGI-I, ratings of much improved and very much improved were associated with a percent score decrease (i.e., improvement) of ∼55% and 80% on the ADHD-RS-5 and ∼40% and 70% on the WFIRS-P, respectively. Differences between children and adolescents were minor and are unlikely to be clinically meaningful. <b><i>Conclusion:</i></b> These <i>post-hoc</i> analyses provide clinically meaningful benchmarks for the interpretation of scores on the ADHD-RS-5 and WFIRS-P in terms of CGI evaluations in subjects with ADHD. These results may be useful for physicians seeking to understand a treatment's potential impact on their ADHD patients or for researchers looking to define their study results within a clinically relevant context. Data are from clinical trials NCT03247530, NCT03247543, NCT03247517, and NCT03247556.""]"33837493,Effects of Comorbid Developmental Coordination Disorder and Symptoms of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder on Physical Activity in Children Aged 4-5 Years.,"['Attention‐deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Motor behaviour', 'Motor control', 'Motor coordination', 'Physical activity']","['Maeghan E James', 'Sara King-Dowling', 'Jeffrey D Graham', 'Cheryl Missiuna', 'Brian W Timmons', 'John Cairney']","['Developmental coordination disorder (DCD) is often comorbid with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). While children with DCD engage in less moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) compared to typically developing (TD) children, research pertaining to how ADHD affects this relationship is limited. We investigated the effect of ADHD on MVPA among children at risk for DCD (DCDr). 507 children aged 4-5\xa0years (DCDr\u2009=\u2009233, TD\u2009=\u2009274) participated. Motor skills were assessed using the Movement Assessment Battery for Children-2nd edition (DCDr;\u2009≤\u200916th percentile), ADHD symptoms were assessed using the Child Behaviour Checklist, and Actigraph accelerometers measured MVPA over seven days. DCD did not negatively affect MVPA, however, after adjusting for ADHD symptoms, the effect of DCD became significant and was driven by symptoms of inattention. Symptoms of ADHD may be suppressing the negative effects of DCD on MVPA, highlighting the importance of assessing and controlling for ADHD symptoms in this population.']"30092917,Functional Neuroimaging Evidence for Distinct Neurobiological Pathways in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Inhibition', 'Pathway', 'Reward', 'Subgroup', 'fMRI']","['Michael C Stevens', 'Godfrey D Pearlson', 'Vince D Calhoun', 'Katie L Bessette']","[StringElement('A challenge facing clinical neuroscientists is how best to synthesize diverse and sometimes inconsistent evidence for neuropsychological deficits and brain system dysfunction found in psychiatric disorders into models that guide etiological and treatment research. Multiple-pathway models suggest that psychiatric symptoms might arise from pathophysiology in different neural systems. This study tested dual-pathway model predictions for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) that reward and executive function cognitive deficits should be related to abnormalities in corresponding functionally specialized neural systems.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Behavioral inhibition and preference for immediate rewards were assessed in N\xa0= 251 adolescent boys and girls ages 12 to 18 diagnosed with DSM-IV combined-subtype ADHD or non-ADHD control subjects. Following taxometric analyses of test performance, the resulting subgroups were compared on a functional magnetic resonance imaging monetary incentive delay task probing reward anticipation and go/no-go task of motor response inhibition.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Three ADHD subgroups were identified consistent with different proposed pathways-ADHD with executive function/motor inhibition deficits, ADHD with both executive and reward deficits, and ADHD with relatively normal test performance. Each cognitive domain mapped to different ADHD brain dysfunction features as expected. However, no brain abnormalities were found common to all ADHD subgroups despite the fact they had nearly identical ADHD-related clinical characteristics.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The results suggest that combined-subtype ADHD is a collection of discrete disorders for which a comparable behavioral end point arises through different neurobiological pathways. The findings raise caution about applying common cause, single-deficit conceptual models to individual ADHD patients and should prompt researchers to consider biologically defined, multifactorial etiological models for other psychiatric diagnoses.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32567956,Frontal Beta Activity in the Meta-Intention of Children With Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'comprehensive nonverbal attention test', 'executive attention', 'frontal beta activity', 'frontal theta activity']","['Yu-Chi Liao', 'Nai-Wen Guo', 'Bei-Yi Su', 'Shin-Jaw Chen', 'Hsing-Fang Tsai', 'Kuan-Ying Lee']","[""Children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have high theta and low beta activity in the frontal lobe. The higher the theta/beta ratio, the lower the level of central nervous system (CNS) cortical arousal. However, there is seldom evidence between electroencephalograms (EEGs) and the patient's intentionality to regulate the cortical activity of executive attention tasks. We investigated whether children with ADHD intended to improve their performance in executive attention tasks and whether that increased their brain activity. Fifty-one children with ADHD (ADHD) and 51 typical developing (TD) children were investigated using focused attention (FA) and search attention (SA) tasks and a simultaneous EEG. The children were then regrouped as faster (ADHD-F, TD-F) and slower (ADHD-S, TD-S) depending on reaction time (RT). Quantitative EEGs of frontal lobe theta and beta activity at frontal F3, F4, and Fz were used. Twenty-eight (54.9%) ADHD children were regrouped as ADHD-S and 14 (27.5%) as TD-S. The ADHD-S group, however, had poorer FA and SA performance than the other 3 groups did: fewer correct answers, more frequent impulsive and missing errors, and higher RT variations. There were no significant differences in theta activity, but the TD-S group had higher beta activity than the ADHD-S group did. We conclude that the ADHD-F and ADHD-S groups had different attention processes. beta activity did not increase in the ADHD-S group, and their executive attention performance in the FA and SA tests was poor. It seems ADHD-S had poor meta-intention function. The frontal beta activity might be a feasible training target of neurofeedback in ADHD-S patients.""]"36102071,Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder persistence from childhood into young adult age: a 10-year longitudinal study.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'European', 'adults', 'persistence']","['Erik Winther Skogli', 'Stian Orm', 'Ingrid Nesdal Fossum', 'Per Normann Andersen', 'Merete Glenne Øie']","[StringElement('The aim of this study was to estimate ADHD persistence in a European clinical sample of children diagnosed with ADHD and followed prospectively for 10 years into young adulthood.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('We assessed 85 children with ADHD at baseline (<i>M</i><sub>age\u2009</sub>=\u200911.6, SD\u2009=\u20092.1, 54% male) and re-assessed 59 at 10-year follow-up (<i>M</i><sub>age\u2009</sub>=\u200921.4, SD\u2009=\u20092.3, 54% male). ADHD symptoms at baseline were assessed with a semi-structured clinical interview (Kiddie-Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia/Present and lifetime version) and parent rating scales (ADHD Rating Scale IV, Child Behavior Checklist). ADHD symptoms at 10-year follow-up were assessed with a semi-structured clinical interview (MINI-Plus) and self-report scales (ADHD Self-Report Scale version 1.1 screener, Adult Self Report). Functional impairment at 10-year follow-up was assessed with the Global Assessment of Functioning scale.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement(""At 10-year follow-up, 39% met ADHD symptom thresholds based on clinical evaluation using MINI-Plus or the ADHD Self-Report Scale version 1.1 screener or the Adult Self Report together with clinicians' rating of functional impairment."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('ADHD persistence rates in this European clinical sample match previous estimates and indicate that a significant proportion of those diagnosed with ADHD as children still exhibit clinical levels of ADHD symptoms in adulthood.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'})]"34009466,Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder and nocturnal enuresis co-occurrence in the pediatric population: a systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder', 'Children', 'Enuresis', 'Nocturnal enuresis']","['Ana Cecília de Sena Oliveira', 'Bruno da Silva Athanasio', 'Flávia Cristina de Carvalho Mrad', 'Monica Maria de Almeida Vasconcelos', 'Maicon Rodrigues Albuquerque', 'Débora Marques Miranda', 'Ana Cristina Simões E Silva']","[StringElement('Attention deficit and hyperactivity/impulsivity disorder (ADHD) and enuresis are common behavioral disorders in childhood, impacting adolescence and adult life. Enuresis (NE) is an incontinence disorder frequently observed in children with ADHD. The relationship between ADHD and NE has been a matter of debate.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We aimed to verify the relationship between ADHD and enuresis and how these conditions can modify each other during development. Using PRISMA guidelines, under the PROSPERO registration number CRD42020208299, we systematically searched the literature and conducted a meta-analysis to answer the following question: how frequent is ADHD and enuresis comorbidity? Twenty-five studies were fully read, and data from seven less heterogeneous case-control studies were pooled to estimate enuresis prevalence comparing ADHD and control samples, whereas six studies were combined to evaluate ADHD frequencies in children with and without enuresis.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('We found the ADHD rates in children with enuresis are similar to the enuresis rates in the group of children with ADHD. The presence of ADHD and enuresis comorbidity does not seem to play a role in gender distribution and the presence of other comorbidities in comparison to controls. However, enuresis seems to persist for more time in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The selected papers differed in study type, research question, samples, and controls utilized.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('Our systematic review with meta-analysis supports the reciprocal association between enuresis and ADHD. Further studies are necessary to build more robust evidence.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"28459608,The influence of comorbid asthma on the severity of symptoms in children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'asthma', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'emotional functioning', 'pediatrics']","['Adrienne P Borschuk', 'Casey Rodweller', 'Cynthia F Salorio']","[StringElement('The current study examined the association between asthma and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in a clinical pediatric sample.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Demographic and neuropsychological data for children with a billing diagnosis of ADHD were extracted from a clinical database. Families completed standard rating scales. Seventy-one patients with a co-morbid asthma diagnosis were identified and matched by age to a group of 71 patients with only ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children with asthma and ADHD were more likely to display clinically elevated levels of hyperactivity, externalizing behaviors, anxiety, and hyperactive/impulsive behaviors compared to children with ADHD alone. Boys with asthma and ADHD had more symptoms than boys with only ADHD of somatization and emotional internalizing, while girls with asthma and ADHD had more symptoms of hyperactivity/impulsivity, conduct problems, anxiety, and emotional internalizing compared to girls with only ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Findings suggest that in children with ADHD, co-morbid asthma is associated with increased behavioral and internalizing symptoms, with distinct gender differences present. Increased behavioral and internalizing symptoms seen in children with both asthma and ADHD may be due to the burden of their medical condition. No difference was found on cognitive variables, suggesting chronic hypoxia may be less influential in explaining these differences. Future research should determine the specific mechanisms of these differences.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32994375,Emotional/Behavioural Problems and Functional Impairment in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Child', 'Emotions', 'Problem behavior']","['M Tengsujaritkul', 'O Louthrenoo', 'N Boonchooduang']","[StringElement('This study aimed to compare the emotional/behavioural problems and functional impairment between early school-age children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and non-ADHD controls. Factors associated with behavioural problem scores were also evaluated.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Children aged 6 to 10 years who were diagnosed with ADHD based on the Swanson, Nolan and Pelham version IV Scale (SNAP-IV) and the DSM-5 criteria for ADHD were compared with age-and sex-matched controls with negative SNAP-IV results in terms of emotional/behavioural problems (as assessed by the Child Behavioural Checklist) and functional impairment (as assessed by the Strength and Difficulties Questionnaire).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('40 children with ADHD and 40 non-ADHD controls with a mean age of 8.40 ± 1.44 years were included. The ADHD group scored significantly higher than controls in terms of all eight subscales of emotional/behavioural problems (p<0.001 to p<0.01). Regarding functional impairment, the ADHD group reported significantly higher scores than controls in terms of total difficulties, conduct problems, and hyperactivity (all p<0.01); and significantly lower prosocial scores (p<0.03). In the multiple linear regression analysis, among the ADHD group, comorbid medical disorders were associated with higher total problem score, internalising behaviour problems score, and externalising behaviour problems score; whereas combined subtype ADHD was associated with higher total difficulties score.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Early school-age children with ADHD have more emotional/behavioural problems and functional impairment than non-ADHD controls, and they need further evaluation and intervention for psychosocial functioning, particularly those with comorbid medical disorder or combined subtype ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35801551,A Case of Nocturnal Enuresis Associated with Attention-deficit/hyperactivity Disorder Successfully Treated with Guanfacine Monotherapy.,[],"['Yuki Takahashi', 'Katsunaka Mikami', 'Keitaro Kimoto', 'Yuichi Onishi', 'Kenji Yamamoto', 'Hideo Matsumoto']","['Nocturnal enuresis (NE) is a syndrome associated with abnormal nocturnal urine production, urination mechanism, and sleep arousal. NE is strongly associated with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and it has been reported that NE occurs in approximately 30% of children with ADHD. There have been several reports on the efficacy of atomoxetine as treatment for NE with ADHD, while the efficacy of guanfacine is still limited. We report our experience of treating an 10-year-old girl with NE with ADHD with a single dose of guanfacine. The patient first visited our hospital because of difficulty concentrating, restlessness at home and school, and nocturnal incontinence. She was diagnosed with NE with ADHD based on a review of her personal history from her mother. Her NE symptoms improved with guanfacine monotherapy (1 mg/day. The patient weighed 28 kg).']"28857587,Factor structure and predictive validity of a homework motivation measure for use with middle school students with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,[],"['Joshua M Langberg', 'Zoe R Smith', 'Melissa R Dvorsky', 'Stephen J Molitor', 'Elizaveta Bourchtein', 'Laura D Eddy', 'Hana-May Eadeh', 'Lauren E Oddo']","['Many students with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) exhibit deficits in motivation to pursue long-term goals. Students with ADHD have particular difficulty with motivation to complete homework-related tasks and often fail to complete assignments. Although these problems are common and may impact academic performance, no homework-motivation measures have been validated for use with students with ADHD. The primary goal of the present study was to evaluate the factor structure and predictive validity of a homework-motivation measure based upon the expectancy-value theory of achievement motivation. A sample of 285 middle school students with ADHD completed the measure, and confirmatory factor analysis was used to evaluate the proposed factor structure and associations with parent and teacher ratings of homework performance. A 2-factor structure emerged, and model fit was excellent. Further, student-rated ability-expectancy beliefs demonstrated significant associations with parent-rated homework problems and performance and with teacher-rated homework performance and percentage of assignments turned in above and beyond ADHD symptoms. Future directions for studying the importance of motivation in students with ADHD are provided, with particular attention to the role that reward sensitivity may play in motivation. (PsycINFO Database Record']"35064804,Quantitative susceptibility mapping reveals brain iron deficiency in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a whole-brain analysis.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Iron deficiency', 'Magnetic resonance imaging']","['Yingqian Chen', 'Shu Su', 'Yan Dai', 'Mengsha Zou', 'Liping Lin', 'Long Qian', 'Qin Zhou', 'Hongyu Zhang', 'Meina Liu', 'Jing Zhao', 'Zhiyun Yang']","[StringElement('To quantitatively measure and compare the whole-brain iron deposition between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) patients and typically developing (TD) children using the quantitative susceptibility mapping (QSM) technique.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""This study was approved by the institutional review board of our institution (No. [2019]328). Fifty-one patients between 6 and 14\xa0years with clinical diagnosis of ADHD and 51 age- and gender-paired TD children were enrolled. For each participant, the 3D T1 and multi-echo GRE sequence were performed to acquire the whole-brain data with 3.0-T MRI. The QSM maps were calculated using STISuite toolbox. After normalizing the QSM images to MNI space, the voxel-based analysis was used to compare the iron content between the two groups. Pearson's correlation test was used to assess the associations between the iron content and the score of the tablet-PC-based cancellation test, which was done to evaluate the attention concentration level."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Iron deficiency was observed in several brain regions in children with ADHD, including bilateral striatums, anterior cingulum, olfactory gyrus, and right lingual gyri. In further correlation analysis, the left anterior cingulum was found to show positive correlation with the symptom severity (r\u2009=\u20090.326, p\u2009<\u20090.05).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our study demonstrated that the iron deficiency in several brain regions might be related with ADHD, which might be valuable for further studies. And QSM might have the potential efficacy in the auxiliary diagnosis of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('• Iron deficiency was observed in several brain regions in children with ADHD, which include bilateral striatums, the critical regions in the dopaminergic transmitter system. • The iron content in the left ACG may have association with the symptom severity of ADHD. • QSM might have the potential efficacy in the auxiliary diagnosis of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'KEY POINTS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35462456,Comparative efficacy of targeted structural patterns of electroencephalography neurofeedback in children with inattentive or combined attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'different structural patterns', 'efficacy', 'electroencephalography', 'neurofeedback']","['Feng-Hua Wang', 'Li-Yan Sun', 'Xiao-Mei Cui', 'He-Dan Zhao', 'Ling-Fei Yang', 'Zheng Wang', 'Tong-Kun Shi']","[StringElement('To evaluate and compare the effects of three courses of different structural patterns of electroencephalography neurofeedback on predominantly inattentive attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD-PI) and combined ADHD (ADHD-CT).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Thirty-eight ADHD-PI and ADHD-CT children were selected and completed three courses of different structural patterns of electroencephalography neurofeedback according to their ADHD type. Before and after each course, relative power value of electroencephalography, including θ, β, α, SMR and their ratios (θ/β, θ/α), and eighteen integrated visual and auditory continuous performance test (IVA/CPT) quotients were obtained and compared. Data were analyzed by SPSS software, and p\xa0<\xa0.05 was considered statistically significant.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('After one course, θ, three IVA/CPT quotients in both types and two comprehensive quotients in ADHD-CT changed significantly (all p\xa0<\xa0.05). After two courses, θ/α, θ/β and five IVA/CPT quotients in both types, θ and α in ADHD-PI, four comprehensive quotients, and four respond control quotients in ADHD-CT varied significantly compared to before treatment and after one course (all p\xa0<\xa0.05). After three courses, α, β, θ, θ/α, θ/β and ten IVA/CPT quotients in both types changed significantly compared to before treatment and after one course (all p\xa0<\xa0.05). In addition, six IVA/CPT quotients in both types after three courses were significantly higher than those after two courses (all p\xa0<\xa0.05).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Different structural patterns of electroencephalography neurofeedback targeted for ADHD-CT and ADHD-PI were both effective and feasible. Three courses of EEG neurofeedback were most effective.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"29779801,Docosahexaenoic acid supplementation for children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: A comprehensive review of the evidence.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Docosahexaenoic acid', 'Nutrition', 'Omega 3', 'PUFA']","['Renata Ramalho', 'Ana Colaço Pereira', 'Filipa Vicente', 'Paula Pereira']","[""Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is considered the most common behavioural disorder in school-age children. ADHD is a complex and multifactorial disorder characterised by a variety of symptoms, including concentration problems, excessive motor activity and impulsivity which interferes with execution of simple school tasks. Diagnosis has been essentially subjective, since no specific laboratory tests are available. However, ADHD remains overdiagnosed, probably due to social pressures for children to be successful in school from an early age, which leads parents to seek medical support. Although therapeutic approaches for ADHD have been essentially pharmacologic, in recent years several studies were performed to investigate the role of nutrition, especially omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (omega 3-PUFA), in the development and treatment of this disorder. In this review, the authors gathered the most relevant evidence regarding omega 3-PUFA, mainly docosahexaenoic acid, as coadjutant or as a single therapy, in the management of ADHD symptoms. The authors also reviewed this disorder's current medical and therapeutic features.""]"31791193,Diagnosing Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in young adults: A qualitative review of the utility of assessment measures and recommendations for improving the diagnostic process.,"['ADHD', 'adult', 'assessment', 'diagnosis', 'neuropsychological testing']","['Paul Marshall', 'James Hoelzle', 'Molly Nikolas']","[""<b>Objective:</b> Identify assessment measures that augment the clinical interview and improve the diagnostic accuracy of adult ADHD assessment.<b>Method:</b> The sometimes limited research literatures concerning the diagnostic efficacies of the clinical interview, standard and novel ADHD behavior rating scales, performance and symptom validity testing, and cognitive tests are critically reviewed.<b>Results:</b> Based on this qualitative review, both clinical interviews alone and ADHD behavior rating scales alone have adequate sensitivity but poor specificity in diagnosing ADHD. Response validity and symptom validity tests have reasonably good sensitivity and very good specificity in detecting invalid symptom presentation. Cognitive test batteries have inadequate sensitivity and specificity in identifying ADHD. Using cognitive tests in conjunction with behavior rating scales significantly improves the specificity of an assessment battery. Executive function behavior rating scales and functional impairment rating scales are unlikely to improve the diagnostic accuracy of ADHD assessment.<b>Conclusions:</b> Based on this review, key clinical interview questions, behavior rating scales, symptom validity tests, and cognitive tests that have promise to enhance current assessment practices are recommended. These are the authors' personal opinions, not consensus standards, or guidelines promulgated by any organization. These measures are incorporated in a practical, somewhat abbreviated, battery that has the potential to improve clinicians' ability to diagnose adult ADHD.""]"34668429,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder as a Risk Factor for COVID-19 Infection.,"['ADHD', 'children', 'community healthcare center', 'coronavirus-2019', 'lockdown', 'prevalence', 'psychostimulants']","['Herman Avner Cohen', 'Maya Gerstein', 'Noga Yaniv', 'Yael Richenberg', 'Eyal Jacobson', 'Shoval Marton', 'Moshe Hoshen', 'Vered Shkalim Zemer']","[StringElement('To postulate that ADHD is a potential risk factor for COVID-19 infection; to evaluate the COVID-19 risk factor on drug-treated ADHD subjects.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A retrospective chart review was performed on ADHD subjects aged 6 to 18\u2009years in Israel, who had undergone at least one COVID-19 test during the study period.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of the 64,409 subjects included in the study, 6,207 (9.64%) had at least one positive COVID-19 test result, 13,300 (20.65%) were diagnosed with ADHD, and of whom 1,751 (13%) had purchased at least two ADHD medications 3\u2009months prior to COVID-19 testing and were defined as being medically treated. Medically-treated ADHD subjects had a significantly lower likelihood to be infected with COVID-19 than untreated subjects.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Untreated ADHD patients seem to constitute a risk group for COVID-19 infection. Drug treatment ameliorates risk of spreading COVID-19 infection within the pediatric population and secondary spread in the general population.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35810183,Association between cord blood metabolites in tryptophan pathway and childhood risk of autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,[],"['Ramkripa Raghavan', 'Neha S Anand', 'Guoying Wang', 'Xiumei Hong', 'Colleen Pearson', 'Barry Zuckerman', 'Hehuang Xie', 'Xiaobin Wang']","['Alterations in tryptophan and serotonin have been implicated in various mental disorders; but studies are limited on child neurodevelopmental disabilities such as autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This prospective cohort study examined the associations between levels of tryptophan and select metabolites (5-methoxytryptophol (5-MTX), 5-hydroxytryptophan (5-HTP), serotonin, N-acetyltrytophan) in cord plasma (collected at birth) and physician-diagnosed ASD, ADHD and other developmental disabilities (DD) in childhood. The study sample (n\u2009=\u2009996) derived from the Boston Birth Cohort, which included 326 neurotypical children, 87 ASD, 269 ADHD, and 314 other DD children (mutually exclusive). These participants were enrolled at birth and followed-up prospectively (from October 1, 1998 to June 30, 2018) at the Boston Medical Center. Higher levels of cord 5-MTX was associated with a lower risk of ASD (aOR: 0.56, 95% CI: 0.41, 0.77) and ADHD (aOR: 0.79, 95% CI: 0.65, 0.96) per Z-score increase, after adjusting for potential confounders. Similarly, children with cord 5-MTX\u2009≥\u200925th percentile (vs. <25th percentile) had a reduction in ASD (aOR: 0.27, 95% CI: 0.14, 0.49) and ADHD risks (aOR: 0.45, 95% CI: 0.29, 0.70). In contrast, higher levels of cord tryptophan, 5-HTP and N-acetyltryptophan were associated with higher risk of ADHD, with aOR: 1.25, 95% CI: 1.03, 1.51; aOR: 1.32, 95% CI: 1.08, 1.61; and aOR: 1.27, 95% CI: 1.05, 1.53, respectively, but not with ASD and other DD. Cord serotonin was not associated with ASD, ADHD, and other DD. Most findings remained statistically significant in the sensitivity and subgroup analyses.']"27125066,"ADHD (ATTENTION DEFFICIT HYPERACTIVITY DISORDER)--A TROUBLING ENTITY, SOMETIMES PERPETUATING DURING ADULT LIFE.",[],"['Ioana Cristina Amihăesei', 'Carmen Lăcrămioara Zamfir']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is considered a neurologic development disorder resulting in impairment of attention and inhibitory control, manifested as attention deficit, hyperactivity, impulsiveness; symptoms should develop between age six and twelve and have to persist for more than six months. Approximately 30-50% of the diagnosed cases are manifesting the disorder during adulthood and 2.5-5% of the adults are suffering of ADHD. Genetics are important factors in ADHD, being involved in 75% of the cases, as well in the persistence of ADHD during adult life. Three subtypes of ADHD are described--one in which is predominating the attention deficit, one with predominant hyperactivity and impulsiveness and a third combined subtype. Diagnosis criteria in ADHD are established by the American Psychiatric Association (DSM criteria) and by World Health Organization. Differential diagnosis is mainly considering bipolar disorder and borderline personality disorder. Management of ADHD is including behavioral therapies and medication, alone or combined. Stimulant medications such as amphetamine represent the therapy of choice, being effective in 80% of the cases. New data are underlying the need for following up of the cases during adulthood, since the risk for development of psychiatric conditions such as depression, anxiety, as well as the suicidal behavior is higher than in the general population.']"33054990,White Matter Microstructure in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Systematic Tractography Study in 654 Individuals.,"['ADHD', 'Diffusion MRI', 'Dimensional', 'Neuroimaging', 'Tractography', 'White matter']","['Christienne G Damatac', 'Roselyne J M Chauvin', 'Marcel P Zwiers', 'Daan van Rooij', 'Sophie E A Akkermans', 'Jilly Naaijen', 'Pieter J Hoekstra', 'Catharina A Hartman', 'Jaap Oosterlaan', 'Barbara Franke', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Christian F Beckmann', 'Emma Sprooten']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by age-inappropriate levels of inattention and/or hyperactivity-impulsivity. ADHD has been related to differences in white matter (WM) microstructure. However, much remains unclear regarding the nature of these WM differences and which clinical aspects of ADHD they reflect. We systematically investigated whether fractional anisotropy (FA) is associated with current and/or lifetime categorical diagnosis, impairment in daily life, and continuous ADHD symptom measures.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Diffusion-weighted imaging data were obtained from 654 participants (322 unaffected, 258 affected, 74 subthreshold; 7-29 years of age). We applied automated global probabilistic tractography on 18 major WM pathways. Linear mixed-effects regression models were used to examine associations of clinical measures with overall brain and tract-specific FA.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('There were significant interactions of tract with all ADHD variables on FA. There were no significant associations of FA with current or lifetime diagnosis, nor with impairment. Lower FA in the right cingulum angular bundle was associated with higher hyperactivity-impulsivity symptom severity (p<sub>familywise error</sub>\xa0= .045). There were no significant effects for other tracts.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This is the first time global probabilistic tractography has been applied to an ADHD dataset of this size. We found no evidence for altered FA in association with ADHD diagnosis. Our findings indicate that associations of FA with ADHD are not uniformly distributed across WM tracts. Continuous symptom measures of ADHD may be more sensitive to FA than diagnostic categories. The right cingulum angular bundle in particular may play a role in symptoms of hyperactivity and impulsivity.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33864938,Systematic Review and Meta-analysis: The Science of Early-Life Precursors and Interventions for Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'early intervention', 'early-life precursors', 'neurocognition', 'prevention']","['Elizabeth Shephard', 'Pedro F Zuccolo', 'Iman Idrees', 'Priscilla B G Godoy', 'Erica Salomone', 'Camilla Ferrante', 'Paola Sorgato', 'Luís F C C Catão', 'Amy Goodwin', 'Patrick F Bolton', 'Charlotte Tye', 'Madeleine J Groom', 'Guilherme V Polanczyk']","[StringElement('To evaluate which early neurocognitive and behavioral precursors are associated with the development of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and whether these are currently targeted in early interventions.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""We conducted 2 systematic reviews and meta-analyses of empirical studies to examine the following: (1) early-life (0-5 years) neurocognitive and behavioral precursors associated with familial likelihood for ADHD, an early ADHD diagnosis/elevated ADHD symptoms, and/or the presence of later-childhood ADHD; and (2) interventions delivered to children aged 0 to 5 years targeting the identified precursors or measuring these as outcomes. Standardized mean differences (Hedges' g) and pre-post-treatment change scores (SMD) were computed."", attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('A total of 149 studies (165,095 participants) investigating 8 neurocognitive and behavioral domains met inclusion criteria for part 1. Multi-level random-effects meta-analyses on 136 studies revealed significant associations between ADHD and poorer cognitive (g\u202f=\u202f-0.46 [95% CIs: -0.59, -0.33]), motor (g\u202f=\u202f-0.35 [CIs: -0.48, -0.21]) and language (g\u202f=\u202f-0.43 [CIs: -0.66, -0.19]) development, social (g\u202f=\u202f0.23 [CIs: 0.03, 0.43]) and emotional (g\u202f=\u202f0.46 [CIs: 0.33, 0.58]) difficulties, early regulatory (g\u202f=\u202f0.30 [CIs: 0.18, 0.43]) and sleep (g\u202f=\u202f0.29 [CIs: 0.14, 0.44]) problems, sensory atypicalities (g\u202f=\u202f0.52 [CIs: 0.16, 0.88]), elevated activity levels (g\u202f=\u202f0.54 [CIs: 0.37, 0.72]), and executive function difficulties (g\u202f=\u202f0.34 [CIs: 0.05, 0.64] to -0.87 [CIs: -1.35, -0.40]). A total of 32 trials (28 randomized, 4 nonrandomized, 3,848 participants) testing early interventions that targeted the identified precursors met inclusion criteria for part 2. Multi-level random-effects meta-analyses on 22 studies revealed significant intervention-related improvements in ADHD symptoms (SMD\u202f=\u202f0.43 [CIs: 0.22, 0.64]) and working memory (SMD\u202f=\u202f0.37 [CIs: 0.06, 0.69]).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Children aged 0 to 5 years with current or later-emerging ADHD are likely to experience difficulties in multiple neurocognitive/behavioral functions. Early interventions show some effectiveness in reducing ADHD symptoms, but their effects on neurocognitive/behavioral difficulties require further study.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"31871308,Adult Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in a Malaysian Forensic Mental Hospital: a Cross-sectional Study.,"['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Comorbidity', 'Forensic psychiatry', 'Hospitals, psychiatric', 'Prevalence']","['L S C Woon', 'H Zakaria']","[StringElement('To determine the prevalence of adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and comorbid mental disorders in a Malaysian forensic mental hospital.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('All adult patients admitted to the forensic wards who were able to understand Malay or English language and give written informed consent were included. Participants were assessed using the Conners Adult Attention-Deficit Diagnostic Interview for DSM-IV (for presence of adult ADHD and a history of childhood ADHD) and the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (for psychiatric comorbidities). Sociodemographic and offence-related data were also collected.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of 199 patients admitted, 120 were included for analysis. The mean age of participants was 36.3 years. 94.2% were men. 81.7% were single, divorced, or separated. 25% had a history of childhood ADHD. The prevalence of adult ADHD was 15.8%. The persistence rate was 63%. Among the 19 participants with adult ADHD, the most common psychiatric comorbidities were substance dependence (68.4%), lifetime depression (63.2%), and generalised anxiety disorder (47.4%). Compared with participants without ADHD, participants with adult ADHD were less likely to be married (0% vs 21.8%, p = 0.022) and more likely to have alcohol abuse (15.8% vs 2%, p = 0.028), lifetime manic/hypomanic episodes (42.1% vs 7.9%, p = 0.001), and generalised anxiety disorder (47.4% vs 19.8%, p = 0.017), and were of younger age at first offence (21.8 years vs 26.9 years, p = 0.021).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Adult ADHD is common in a Malaysian forensic mental hospital and is associated with unmarried status, alcohol abuse, lifetime manic/hypomanic episodes, generalised anxiety disorder, and younger age at first offence.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34494265,"Male to female ratios in autism spectrum disorders by age, intellectual disability and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.","['attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'intellectual disability', 'male to female ratio', 'prevalence']","['Maj-Britt Posserud', 'Berit Skretting Solberg', 'Anders Engeland', 'Jan Haavik', 'Kari Klungsøyr']","[StringElement('To examine the gender distribution in ASD in adults compared with children and the impact of comorbid intellectual disability (ID) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) on the male to female ratio (MFR).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We estimated the MFR and the male prevalence ratio (PR) for ASD in adults and children using the Medical Birth Registry of Norway, including all individuals born during 1967-2011. We examined variation with age, comorbid ID and ADHD as defined by diagnoses in the Norwegian Patient Registry during 2008-2015 and/or a dispensed prescription for ADHD medication.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The sample included 1,701,206 adults and 804,146 children, including 8,995 (0.5%) adults and 8,056 (1.0%) children with ASD, 53,822 (3.2%) adults and 26,967 (3.4%) children with ADHD and 9,178 (0.5%) adults and 5,038 (0.6%) children with ID. The MFR for ASD was 3.67 in children and 2.57 in adults, corresponding to a male PR in ASD of 1.54 (95% CI 1.53-1.56) and 1.41 (1.39-1.24), respectively. Comorbid ID decreased the MFR and the male PR in both adults and children, whereas comorbid ADHD significantly increased the male PR in children. The MFR and the population prevalence of ASD, ADHD and ID decreased from children to younger adults and yet further to older adults.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We found a lower MFR and male PR in adults than in children. Findings suggest the strong male predominance seen in childhood/clinical studies of ASD diminishes in adult samples, possibly reflecting the influence of non-aetiological factors such as later diagnosis in females, diagnostic biases and diagnostic trends.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34289458,Resting state dynamic functional connectivity in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'dynamic connectivity analysis', 'fMRI', 'inattentive and combined types', 'resting-state networks']","['Maliheh Ahmadi', 'Kamran Kazemi', 'Katarzyna Kuc', 'Anita Cybulska-Klosowicz', 'Mohammad Sadegh Helfroush', 'Ardalan Aarabi']","['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is characterized by inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity. In this study, we investigated group differences in dynamic functional connectivity (dFC) between 113 children with inattentive (46 ADHD<sub>I</sub>) and combined (67 ADHD<sub>C</sub>) ADHD and 76 typically developing (TD) children using resting-state functional MRI data. For dynamic connectivity analysis, the data were first decomposed into 100 independent components, among which 88 were classified into eight well-known resting-state networks (RSNs). Three discrete FC states were then identified using k-means clustering and used to estimate transition probabilities between states in both patient and control groups using a hidden Markov model. Our results showed state-dependent alterations in intra and inter-network connectivity in both ADHD subtypes in comparison with TD. Spending less time than healthy controls in state 1, both ADHD<sub>I</sub>and ADHD<sub>C</sub>were characterized with weaker intra-hemispheric connectivity with functional asymmetries. In this state, ADHD<sub>I</sub>further showed weaker inter-hemispheric connectivity. The patients spent more time in state 2, exhibiting characteristic abnormalities in corticosubcortical and corticocerebellar connectivity. In state 3, a less frequently state observed across the ADHD and TD children, ADHD<sub>C</sub>was differentiated from ADHD<sub>I</sub>by significant alterations in FC between bilateral temporal regions and other brain areas in comparison with TD. Across all three states, several strategic brain regions, mostly bilateral, exhibited significant alterations in both static functional connectivity (sFC) and dFC in the ADHD groups compared to TD, including inferior, middle and superior temporal gyri, middle frontal gyri, insula, anterior cingulum cortex, precuneus, calcarine, fusiform, superior motor area, and cerebellum. Our results show distributed abnormalities in sFC and dFC between different large-scale RSNs including cortical and subcortical regions in both ADHD subtypes compared to TD. Our findings show that the dynamic changes in brain FC can better explain the underlying pathophysiology of ADHD such as deficits in visual cognition, attention, memory and emotion processing, and cognitive and motor control.']"32570249,Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Global Severity Profiles in Treatment-Seeking Patients with Substance Use Disorders.,"['Addiction', 'Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Comorbidity', 'Dual diagnosis', 'Severity', 'Substance use disorders']","['Romain Icick', 'Franz Moggi', 'Ortal Slobodin', 'Geert Dom', 'Frieda Mathys', 'Wim van den Brink', 'Frances R Levin', 'Matthijs Blankers', 'Sharlene Kaye', 'Zsolt Demetrovics', 'Geurt van de Glind', 'Maria C Velez-Pastrana', 'Arnt S A Schellekens']","[StringElement('Comorbid attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is present in 15-25% of all patients seeking treatment for substance use disorders (SUDs). Some studies suggest that comorbid ADHD increases clinical severity related to SUDs, other psychiatric comorbidities, and social impairment, but could not disentangle their respective influences.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To investigate whether comorbid adult ADHD in treatment-seeking SUD patients is associated with more severe clinical profiles in these domains assessed altogether.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Treatment-seeking SUD patients from 8 countries (N = 1,294: 26% females, mean age 40 years [SD = 11 years]) were assessed for their history of DSM-IV ADHD, SUDs, and other psychiatric conditions and sociodemographic data. SUD patients with and without comorbid ADHD were compared on indicators of severity across 3 domains: addiction (number of SUD criteria and diagnoses), psychopathological complexity (mood disorders, borderline personality disorder, lifetime suicidal thoughts, or behavior), and social status (education level, occupational and marital status, and living arrangements). Regression models were built to account for confounders for each severity indicator.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Adult ADHD was present in 19% of the SUD patients. It was significantly associated with higher SUD severity, more frequent comorbid mood or borderline personality disorder, and less frequent ""married"" or ""divorced"" status, as compared with the absence of comorbid ADHD. ADHD comorbidity was independently associated with a higher number of dependence diagnoses (OR = 1.97) and more psychopathology (OR = 1.5), but not marital status.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In treatment-seeking SUD patients, comorbid ADHD is associated with polysubstance dependence, psychopathological complexity, and social risks, which substantiates the clinical relevance of screening, diagnosing, and treating ADHD in patients with SUDs.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32378703,"The Association of Prenatal Tetanus, Diphtheria, and Acellular Pertussis (Tdap) Vaccination With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.","['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'prenatal vaccination', 'tetanus, diphtheria, and acellular pertussis (Tdap) vaccine', 'vaccination']","['Tracy A Becerra-Culqui', 'Darios Getahun', 'Vicki Chiu', 'Lina S Sy', 'Hung Fu Tseng']","['As prenatal vaccinations become more prevalent, it is important to assess potential safety events. In a retrospective cohort study of Kaiser Permanente Southern California (Pasadena, California) mother-child pairs with birth dates during January 1, 2011-December 31, 2014, we investigated the association between prenatal tetanus, diphtheria, and acellular pertussis (Tdap) vaccination and risk of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in offspring. Information on Tdap vaccination during pregnancy was obtained from electronic medical records. ADHD was defined by International Classification of Diseases codes (Ninth or Tenth Revision) and dispensed ADHD medication after age 3 years. Children were followed to the date of their first ADHD diagnosis, the end of Kaiser Permanente membership, or the end of follow-up (December 31, 2018). In Cox proportional hazards models, we estimated unadjusted and adjusted hazard ratios for the association between maternal Tdap vaccination and ADHD, with inverse probability of treatment weighting (IPTW) used to adjust for confounding. Of 128,756 eligible mother-child pairs, 85,607 were included in the final sample. The ADHD incidence rate was 3.41 per 1,000 person-years in the Tdap-vaccinated women and 3.93 per 1,000 person-years in the unvaccinated (hazard ratio\xa0=\xa01.01, 95% confidence interval: 0.88, 1.16). The IPTW-adjusted analyses showed no association between prenatal Tdap vaccination and ADHD in offspring (hazard ratio\xa0=\xa01.00, 95% confidence interval: 0.88, 1.14). In this study, prenatal Tdap vaccination was not associated with ADHD risk in offspring, supporting recommendations to vaccinate pregnant women.']"33910116,"Pregnancy exposure to organophosphate esters and the risk of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in the Norwegian mother, father and child cohort study.","['ADHD', 'Bis(1,3-dichloro-2-propyl) phosphate', 'Diphenyl phosphate', 'MoBa', 'PON1 Q192R']","['Giehae Choi', 'Alexander P Keil', 'David B Richardson', 'Julie L Daniels', 'Kate Hoffman', 'Gro D Villanger', 'Amrit K Sakhi', 'Cathrine Thomsen', 'Ted Reichborn-Kjennerud', 'Heidi Aase', 'Stephanie M Engel']","[StringElement('Organophosphate esters (OPEs) are a class of flame retardants in common use. OPEs can easily leach from materials, resulting in human exposure. Increasing concentrations have been reported in human populations over the past decade. Recent studies have linked prenatal OPE exposure to hyperactivity and attention problems in children. Such behaviors are often found among children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), however, no study has investigated OPEs in relation to clinically assessed ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To evaluate prenatal exposure to OPEs as risk factors for clinically assessed ADHD using a case-cohort study nested within the Norwegian Mother, Father, and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We included in the case group 295 ADHD cases obtained via linkage with the Norwegian Patient Registry, and the sub-cohort group 555 children sampled at baseline, irrespective of their ADHD case status. Prenatal concentrations of OPE metabolites were measured in maternal urine collected at 17\xa0weeks of gestation, and included diphenyl phosphate (DPHP), di-n-butyl phosphate (DNBP), bis(2-butoxyethyl) hydrogen phosphate (BBOEP), and bis(1,3-dichloro-2-propyl) phosphate (BDCIPP). We estimated risk ratios and the corresponding 95% confidence intervals [95% CI] using logistic regression, adjusting for season of urine collection, child sex, birth year, and maternal depression, education, and sum of urinary di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate metabolites (∑DEHP) concentration during pregnancy. To assess the overall impact of simultaneously decreasing exposure to all chemical constituents of an OPE-phthalate mixture, quantile based g-computation was implemented. The mixture constituents included OPE and phthalate metabolites commonly detected in our study. In all models, we considered effect measure modification by child sex and polymorphisms in genes encoding paraoxonase 1 (PON1) and cytochrome P450 (P450) enzymes. Mediation analysis was conducted using thyroid function biomarkers estimated from maternal blood collected at 17\xa0weeks of gestation.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('DPHP was detected in nearly all samples (97.2%), with a higher geometric mean among the case group (0.70\xa0µg/L) as compared to the sub-cohort (0.52\xa0µg/L). DNBP was commonly detected as well (93.8%), while BBOEP (52.9%) and BDCIPP (22.9%) were detected less frequently. A higher risk of ADHD was observed in children with greater than median exposure to DPHP during pregnancy (risk ratio: 1.38 [95% CI: 0.96, 1.99]), which was slightly higher among girls (2.04 [1.03, 4.02]) and children of mothers with PON1 Q192R genotype QR (1.69 [0.89, 3.19]) or PON1 Q192R genotype RR (4.59 [1.38, 15.29]). The relationship between DPHP and ADHD (total risk ratio: 1.34 [0.90, 2.02]) was partially mediated through total triiodothyronine to total thyroxine ratio (natural direct effect: 1.29 [0.87, 1.94]; natural indirect effect: 1.04 [1.00, 1.10]; 12.48% mediated). We also observed an elevated risk of ADHD in relation to BDCIPP detection during pregnancy (1.50 [0.98, 2.28]). We did not observe notable differences in ADHD by DNBP (0.88 [0.62, 1.26]) or BBOEP (1.03 [0.73, 1.46]) during pregnancy. Simultaneously decreasing all constituents of common-detect OPE-phthalate mixture, specifically DPHP, DNBP, and 6 phthalate metabolites, by a quartile resulted in an ADHD risk ratio of 0.68 [0.64, 0.72].', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Prenatal exposure to DPHP and BDCIPP may increase the risk of ADHD. For DPHP, we observed potential modification by child sex and maternal PON1 Q192R genotype and partial mediation through maternal thyroid hormone imbalance at 17\xa0weeks gestation.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34041952,The Efficacy of Physical Activity for Children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.,"['ADHD', 'attention deficit disorder', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'exercise', 'physical activity']","['Britta Seiffer', 'Martin Hautzinger', 'Rolf Ulrich', 'Sebastian Wolf']","[StringElement('This systematic review and meta-analysis assesses the efficacy of regular, moderate to vigorous physical activity (MVPA) for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and adolescents in randomized controlled trials (RCTs).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('RCTs including children and adolescents with clinically diagnosed ADHD, implementing regular MVPA, and assessing ADHD core-symptoms on a valid rating scale post-intervention (primary outcome) were included. Outcomes were pooled through random-effects meta-analysis. Prospero registration: CRD42019142166.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('MVPA had a small effect on total ADHD core symptoms (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u200911; <i>g</i>\u2009=\u2009-0.33; 95% CI [-0.63; -0.02]; <i>p</i>\u2009=\u2009.037).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('MVPA could serve as an alternative treatment for ADHD. New RCTs are necessary to increase the understanding of the effect regarding frequency, intensity, type of MVPA interventions, and differential effects on age groups.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35358768,Lack of an association between anticipatory alpha oscillations and attentional selection in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Alpha oscillations', 'Attention', 'Children', 'N2pc']","['Bingkun Li', 'Jialiang Guo', 'Chenguang Zhao', 'Xiangsheng Luo', 'Yuanjun Kong', 'Yanbo Chen', 'Hongyu Liu', 'Li Sun', 'Yan Song']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is characterized by attention problems. The current study investigated whether and how anticipatory alpha oscillations, the subsequent target-elicited N2 posterior-contralateral component (N2pc) and their relationship contributed to attention problems in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Electroencephalograms (EEGs) were recorded from 8-13-year-old children with ADHD and typically developing children during a cued visuospatial covert attention task.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children with ADHD could not sustain hemispheric alpha lateralization during the late stage of the cued period. Similar to the pattern of adults, high-accuracy typically developing children showed a strong positive correlation between the degree of cue-induced anticipatory alpha lateralization and the subsequent target-evoked N2pc amplitude, the latter of which further predicted behavioral performance. However, only the aberrant ""cue alpha-target N2pc"" temporal relationship was related to symptom severity and behavioral performance in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We showed that the temporal association of ""cue alpha-target N2pc"" was already present in some typically developing children. However, children with ADHD might need more time to develop this temporal association.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('Our results provide neurophysiological evidence that the developmental origin of covert spatial attention is related to the temporal association between low-frequency brain oscillations and event-related potentials (ERPs).', attributes={'Label': 'SIGNIFICANCE'})]"34839218,Oscillatory neural network alterations in young people with tuberous sclerosis complex and associations with co-occurring symptoms of autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Autism spectrum disorder (ASD)', 'Electrophysiology (EEG)', 'Oscillatory neural networks', 'Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC)']","['Elizabeth Shephard', 'Fiona S McEwen', 'Thomas Earnest', 'Nina Friedrich', 'Isabelle Mörtl', 'Holan Liang', 'Emma Woodhouse', 'Charlotte Tye', 'Patrick F Bolton']","['Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) is a genetic disorder caused by mutations on the TSC1/TSC2 genes, which result in alterations in molecular signalling pathways involved in neurogenesis and hamartomas in the brain and other organs. TSC carries a high risk for autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), although the reasons for this are unclear. One proposal is that TSC-related alterations in molecular signalling during neurogenesis lead to atypical development of neural networks, which are involved in the occurrence of ASD and ADHD in TSC. We investigated this proposal in young people with TSC who have been studied longitudinally since their diagnosis in childhood. Electroencephalography (EEG) was used to examine oscillatory connectivity in functional neural networks and local and global network organisation during three tasks (resting-state, attentional and inhibitory control Go/Nogo task, upright and inverted face processing task) in participants with TSC (n\xa0=\xa048) compared to an age- and sex-matched group of typically developing Controls (n\xa0=\xa020). Compared to Controls, the TSC group showed hypoconnected neural networks in the alpha frequency during the resting-state and in the theta and alpha frequencies during the Go/Nogo task (P\xa0≤\xa0.008), as well as reduced local network organisation in the theta and alpha frequencies during the Go/Nogo task (F\xa0=\xa03.95, P\xa0=\xa0.010). There were no significant group differences in network metrics during the face processing task. Increased connectivity in the hypoconnected alpha-range resting-state network was associated with greater ASD and inattentive ADHD symptoms (rho≥.40, P\xa0≤\xa0.036). Reduced local network organisation in the theta-range during the Go/Nogo task was significantly associated with higher hyperactive/impulsive ADHD symptoms (rho\xa0=\xa0-.43, P\xa0=\xa0.041). These findings suggest that TSC is associated with widespread hypoconnectivity in neural networks and support the proposal that altered network function may be involved in the co-occurrence of ASD and ADHD in TSC.']"33891995,"Social and non-social gaze cueing in autism spectrum disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and a comorbid group.","['Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)', 'Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD)', 'Gaze cueing', 'Intra Subject Variability (ISV)', 'Social cognition', 'Social cueing']","['D Seernani', 'C Ioannou', 'K Damania', 'H Hill', 'T Foulsham', 'N Smyrnis', 'M Biscaldi', 'C Klein']","[""Recent trends in literature, along with the changes to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (DSM), make it imperative to study Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) together, in order to better understand potential aetiological commonalities between these highly comorbid disorders. The present study examines social cueing, a highly studied construct in ASD, and intra-subject variability (ISV), a potential endophenotype of ADHD, in four groups of typically developing (TD), ADHD, ASD- (ASD without ADHD), ASD+ (ASD with ADHD) participants (N = 85) aged 10-13 years. Results showed that social cueing is intact in the 'pure' ASD group when task expectations are clear. The ADHD group showed faster saccadic reaction times, no increased ISV and a pattern of viewing comparable to the TD group. However, the ASD + group showed a differences in processing style and ISV. A secondary analysis gives evidence of non-additive effects of the ASD and ADHD factors.""]"26486602,Neurocognitive Deficits in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder With and Without Comorbid Oppositional Defiant Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'ODD', 'comorbidity', 'emotion processing', 'executive functioning', 'temporal processing']","['Siri D S Noordermeer', 'Marjolein Luman', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Catharina A Hartman', 'Pieter J Hoekstra', 'Barbara Franke', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Dirk J Heslenfeld', 'Jaap Oosterlaan']","['<b>Objective:</b> Oppositional Defiant Disorder (ODD) is highly prevalent in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and may account for inconsistencies in findings on neurocognitive functioning in ADHD. Our aim was to assess cool and hot executive functioning (EF) and temporal processing in ADHD with and without comorbid ODD to elucidate the effects of comorbid ODD. <b>Method:</b> ADHD-only (<i>n</i> = 82), ADHD + ODD (<i>n</i> = 82), and controls (<i>n</i> = 82), with mean age 16 years (<i>SD =</i> 3.1), matched for age, gender, IQ, and ADHD type (clinical groups) were assessed on cool EF (inhibition, working memory), hot EF (reinforcement processing, emotion recognition), and temporal processing (time production and reproduction). <b>Results:</b> Individuals with ADHD + ODD showed abnormalities in inhibition, working memory, facial emotion recognition, and temporal processing, whereas individuals with ADHD-only were solely impaired in working memory and time production. <b>Conclusion:</b> Findings suggest that ODD carries a substantial part of the EF deficits observed in ADHD and contrast with current theories of neurocognitive impairments in ADHD.']"34613513,Methylphenidate Improves Autonomic Functioning among Youth with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Electrodermal activity', 'Methylphenidate', 'Respiratory sinus arrhythmia']","['Stephanie S J Morris', 'Erica D Musser', 'Rachel B Tenenbaum', 'Anthony R Ward', 'Joseph S Raiker', 'Erika K Coles']","['Psychostimulants are commonly prescribed medications for youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Limited studies have evaluated how psychostimulants (e.g., methylphenidate [MPH]) impact autonomic nervous system (ANS) indexes among youth with ADHD. Understanding the effects of MPH on autonomic functioning is essential, given that youth with ADHD have been shown to experience atypical autonomic functioning (i.e., reduced activity across both sympathetic and parasympathetic branches) compared to typically developing youth. The current study investigated how a specific psychostimulant, Osmotic Release Oral System [OROS] MPH, impacts parasympathetic (indexed by respiratory sinus arrhythmia [RSA]) and sympathetic (indexed by electrodermal activity [EDA]) functioning among youth with ADHD via a within-subjects, double-masked, cross-over design. Two hundred fifty-six participants (157 youth with ADHD), ages 5 to 13\xa0years, completed a two-minute resting baseline task while electrocardiograph and electrodermal data were obtained. Youth with ADHD completed the resting baseline task twice, 3\xa0weeks apart, once during active medication and once during placebo conditions (counterbalanced). Typically developing youth were assessed without medication or placebo. Youth with ADHD during the placebo condition exhibited reduced RSA and EDA compared to typically developing youth. In contrast, youth with ADHD during the medication condition did not differ significantly from typically developing youth with respect to either RSA nor EDA. As such, OROS MPH appears to normalize RSA and EDA levels among youth with ADHD to levels comparable to typically developing youth. Future studies including indexes of the ANS among youth with ADHD are urged to consider the impact of MPH.']"31722229,Is autonomic nervous system function atypical in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)? A systematic review of the evidence.,"['ADHD', 'Arousal regulation', 'Autonomic nervous system', 'Cognitive', 'Electrodermal activity', 'Heart rate', 'Pupillometry', 'Resting-state', 'Rewards', 'Skin conductance', 'Socio-emotional', 'Stimulant medication']","['Alessio Bellato', 'Iti Arora', 'Chris Hollis', 'Madeleine J Groom']","['Although arousal mechanisms have frequently been found to be atypical in ADHD, these findings usually emerged from indirect behavioural measures which give only a limited understanding of arousal dysregulation in this condition. To assess the hypothesis that functioning of the autonomic nervous system (ANS), one component of arousal, is atypical in ADHD, we carried out a systematic review of the literature on 55 studies investigating electro-dermal, heart rate and pupillometry measures under different experimental conditions (resting-state, cognitive tasks and in response to reinforcers or socio-emotional stimuli). Our literature review identified ANS dysfunction in individuals with ADHD, more often in the direction of hypo-arousal than hyper-arousal, particularly at rest and during tasks requiring response regulation and sustained attention. Almost half of the reported findings were null. Stimulant medications increased ANS activity and, in some studies, reinforcers and rewards produced a similar effect, suggesting that ANS function can be modified in ADHD. Further research is needed to assess the influence of comorbid symptoms and to explore methodological parameters that may influence findings.']"35524451,Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and risk of migraine: A nationwide longitudinal study.,"['atomoxetine', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'methylphenidate', 'migraine']","['Tien-Wei Hsu', 'Mu-Hong Chen', 'Che-Sheng Chu', 'Shih-Jen Tsai', 'Ya-Mei Bai', 'Tung-Ping Su', 'Tzeng-Ji Chen', 'Chih-Sung Liang']","[StringElement('This study explored the risk of migraine in children, adolescents, and young adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and its association with ADHD medications.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The prevalence of migraine peaks between the ages of 35 and 39\xa0years. Recent studies have reported a positive association between ADHD and migraine.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This longitudinal case-cohort study was conducted using data from the Taiwan National Health Insurance Database. Between 2001 and 2009, we enrolled 81,441 participants with ADHD and a 1:1-matched control cohort for age, sex, and physical and psychiatric comorbidities. All participants had no diagnosis of migraine before enrollment and were followed up to the end of 2011. We examined the risk of newly diagnosed migraine among patients with ADHD and matched controls after adjusting for demographics and physical/psychiatric comorbidities.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Patients with ADHD had a higher incidence of migraine than those in the control group (462/81441 [0.6%] vs. 212/81441 [0.3%] patients, p\xa0<\xa00.001). After adjusting for potential confounders, the hazard ratio (HR) was 1.92 (95% CI, 1.64-2.34) for migraine in patients with ADHD versus controls. The subgroup analyses stratified by age showed the HRs were 2.01 (95% CI, 1.63-2.49), 1.94 (95% CI, 1.35-2.79), and 1.31 (95% CI, 0.58-2.98) for children (<12\xa0years old), adolescents (12-17), and young adults (18-29), respectively, versus controls. When stratified by sex, the HR was 1.97 (95% CI, 1.58-2.46) for men and 1.94 (95% CI, 1.44-2.62) for women versus controls. The cumulative daily dose of ADHD medications was not associated with the risk of migraine.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Children and adolescents with ADHD were associated with an increased risk of migraine compared with matched controls. The increased risk was not observed in young adults with ADHD. Further studies are required to examine the mechanisms between migraine and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"30604169,Is there a prodrom period in patients with social anxiety disorder? A discussion on the hypothesis of social anxiety disorder development secondary to attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Anxiety', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Comorbidity', 'Developmental hypothesis', 'Social anxiety disorder']","['Ahmet Koyuncu', 'Ezgi Ince', 'Erhan Ertekin', 'Fahri Çelebi', 'Raşit Tükel']","['The association between social anxiety disorder (SAD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is poorly established. In fact, increasing and converging evidences suggest that there is a close relationship between the two disorders. High comorbidity rate between these two disorders, follow-up studies showing high rates of later development of SAD in ADHD and treatment studies in which ADHD medications have been helpful for both conditions all indicate this relationship. Recently, we have published a hypothesis regarding the development of SAD secondary to ADHD. In this hypothesis, we recognized that patients with SAD seem to go through a prodromal period that we labeled as ""pre-social anxiety."" Detecting patients in this period before meeting full-blown SAD criteria provides early intervention and prevention of SAD. New, comprehensive follow-up studies which will investigate whether ADHD causes later SAD secondarily are needed. In the current review, taken into account our developmental hypothesis, we will discuss whether high comorbidity of SAD and ADHD is a chance finding (i.e., the two disorders are found in cases with no causal relationship between them) or can SAD develop secondarily due to childhood ADHD. Is there a prodrom period in patients with SAD as in cancer or psychosis patients? We are going to summarize the overlapping features of SAD and ADHD in terms of child/parents interaction and family issues, aversive childhood experiences, social skill deficits, and development of cognitive distortions.']"34496899,Methylphenidate for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in patients with Smith-Magenis syndrome: protocol for a series of N-of-1 trials.,"['ADHD', 'Methylphenidate', 'Multiple crossover', 'N-of-1', 'Rare genetic neurodevelopmental disorder', 'Smith–Magenis syndrome']","['A R Müller', 'J R Zinkstok', 'N N J Rommelse', 'P M van de Ven', 'K C B Roes', 'F A Wijburg', 'E de Rooij-Askes', 'C Linders', 'E Boot', 'A M van Eeghen']","[StringElement('Smith-Magenis syndrome (SMS) is a rare genetic neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by intellectual disability and severe behavioural and sleep disturbances. Often, patients with SMS are diagnosed with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, the effectiveness of methylphenidate (MPH), the first-line pharmacological treatment for ADHD, in patients with SMS is unclear. Our objective is to examine the effectiveness of MPH for ADHD symptoms in individuals with SMS, proposing an alternative trial design as traditional randomized controlled trials are complex in these rare and heterogeneous patient populations.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We will initiate an N-of-1 series of double-blind randomized and placebo-controlled multiple crossover trials in six patients aged\u2009≥\u20096\xa0years with a genetically confirmed SMS diagnosis and a multidisciplinary established ADHD diagnosis, according to a power analysis based on a summary measures analysis of the treatment effect. Each N-of-1 trial consists of a baseline period, dose titration phase, three cycles each including randomized intervention, placebo and washout periods, and follow-up. The intervention includes twice daily MPH (doses based on age and body weight). The primary outcome measure will be the subscale hyperactivity/inattention of the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ), rated daily. Secondary outcome measures are the shortened version of the Emotion Dysregulation Inventory (EDI) reactivity index, Goal Attainment Scaling (GAS), and the personal questionnaire (PQ). Statistical analysis will include a mixed model analysis. All subjects will receive an assessment of their individual treatment effect and data will be aggregated to investigate the effectiveness of MPH for ADHD in SMS at a population level.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS AND ANALYSIS'}), StringElement('This study will provide information on the effectiveness of MPH for ADHD in SMS, incorporating personalized outcome measures. This protocol presents the first properly powered N-of-1 study in a rare genetic neurodevelopmental disorder, providing a much-needed bridge between science and practice to optimize evidence-based and personalized care.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('This study is registered in the Netherlands Trial Register (NTR9125).', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION'})]"29700813,The impact of a computerised test of attention and activity (QbTest) on diagnostic decision-making in children and young people with suspected attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: single-blind randomised controlled trial.,"['QbTest', 'assessment', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'continuous performance test']","['Chris Hollis', 'Charlotte L Hall', 'Boliang Guo', 'Marilyn James', 'Janet Boadu', 'Madeleine J Groom', 'Nikki Brown', 'Catherine Kaylor-Hughes', 'Maria Moldavsky', 'Althea Z Valentine', 'Gemma M Walker', 'David Daley', 'Kapil Sayal', 'Richard Morriss']","[StringElement('Diagnosis of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) relies on subjective methods which can lead to diagnostic uncertainty and delay. This trial evaluated the impact of providing a computerised test of attention and activity (QbTest) report on the speed and accuracy of diagnostic decision-making in children with suspected ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Randomised, parallel, single-blind controlled trial in mental health and community paediatric clinics in England. Participants were 6-17\xa0years-old and referred for ADHD diagnostic assessment; all underwent assessment-as-usual, plus QbTest. Participants and their clinician were randomised to either receive the QbTest report immediately (QbOpen group) or the report was withheld (QbBlind group). The primary outcome was number of consultations until a diagnostic decision confirming/excluding ADHD within 6-months from baseline. Health economic cost-effectiveness and cost utility analysis was conducted. Assessing QbTest Utility in ADHD: A Randomised Controlled Trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02209116).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""One hundred and thirty-two participants were randomised to QbOpen group (123 analysed) and 135 to QbBlind group (127 analysed). Clinicians with access to the QbTest report (QbOpen) were more likely to reach a diagnostic decision about ADHD (hazard ratio 1.44, 95% CI 1.04-2.01). At 6-months, 76% of those with a QbTest report had received a diagnostic decision, compared with 50% without. QbTest reduced appointment length by 15% (time ratio 0.85, 95% CI 0.77-0.93), increased clinicians' confidence in their diagnostic decisions (odds ratio 1.77, 95% CI 1.09-2.89) and doubled the likelihood of excluding ADHD. There was no difference in diagnostic accuracy. Health economic analysis showed a position of strict dominance; however, cost savings were small suggesting that the impact of providing the QbTest report within this trial can best be viewed as 'cost neutral'."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('QbTest may increase the efficiency of ADHD assessment pathway allowing greater patient throughput with clinicians reaching diagnostic decisions faster without compromising diagnostic accuracy.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"25763856,Executive and attentional contributions to Theory of Mind deficit in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Attention', 'Cognition', 'Executive functions', 'Theory of Mind']","['Alison Mary', 'Hichem Slama', 'Philippe Mousty', 'Isabelle Massat', 'Tatiana Capiau', 'Virginie Drabs', 'Philippe Peigneux']","['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children has been associated with attentional and executive problems, but also with socioemotional difficulties possibly associated with deficits in Theory of Mind (ToM). Socioemotional problems in ADHD are associated with more negative prognoses, notably interpersonal, educational problems, and an increased risk of developing other psychiatric disorders that emphasize the need to clarify the nature of their ToM deficits. In this study, we hypothesized that ToM dysfunction in children with ADHD is largely attributable to their attentional and/or executive deficits. Thirty-one children with ADHD (8-12\xa0years, IQ > 85) and 31 typically developing (TD) children were assessed using executive functions (inhibition, planning, and flexibility) and attentional tasks, as well as two advanced ToM tasks (Reading the Mind in the Eyes and Faux Pas) involving different levels of executive control. Children with ADHD performed more poorly than TD children in attentional, executive function, and ToM tasks. Linear regression analyses conducted in the ADHD group indicated that inhibition scores predicted performance on the ""Faux Pas"" task the best, while attention scores were the best for predicting performance on the Reading the Mind in the Eyes task. When controlled for inhibition and attentional variables, ToM performance in children with ADHD was actually similar to TD children. Contrarily, controlling for ToM scores did not normalize performance for inhibition and attentional tasks in children with ADHD. This unidirectional relationship suggests that deficits in the EF and attentional domains are responsible for ToM deficits in ADHD, which therefore may contribute to their socioemotional difficulties. ']"31967914,Diagnosis and Treatment Options for Preschoolers with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'diagnosis', 'intervention', 'pharmacotherapy', 'preschool children']","['Sharon Wigal', 'Phillip Chappell', 'Donna Palumbo', 'Shannon Lubaczewski', 'Sara Ramaker', 'Richat Abbas']","['<b><i>Objective:</i></b> The <i>Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders</i>, fifth edition (DSM-5), classifies attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) as a neurodevelopmental disorder, with symptoms becoming apparent as early as the preschool years. Early recognition can lead to interventions such as parent/teacher-administered behavior therapy, the recommended first-line treatment for preschool patients. There are few data, however, to inform the use of second-line, pharmacotherapy options in this population. In this review, we identified recent literature on the diagnosis and treatment of ADHD in preschool children. <b><i>Methods:</i></b> A PubMed and clinicaltrials.gov search was conducted for trials assessing efficacy or safety of ADHD medications in children aged <6 years. Diagnostic methods and criteria focusing on recognition of ADHD in preschool children were also surveyed. <b><i>Results:</i></b> The DSM-5 describes different manifestations of ADHD in preschool versus school-aged children, but does not list separate criteria by age group. Importantly, behaviors indicative of ADHD in older children may be developmentally appropriate in preschool children. Several behavioral rating scales have been validated in children younger than 6 years of age for assessing ADHD. The Preschool ADHD Treatment Study (PATS) has provided the most extensive efficacy and safety data on methylphenidate (MPH) for ADHD in preschoolers to date, with significant improvement in ADHD symptoms observed with MPH compared with placebo, although adverse event-related discontinuation was higher in PATS compared with studies of MPH for ADHD in school-aged children. Since PATS was conducted, few studies designed to assess ADHD medication effectiveness in preschool children have been published. One article reported significant improvement in ADHD symptoms with MPH (immediate release) versus placebo, two studies showed no difference between MPH and risperidone or MPH plus risperidone in relief of ADHD symptoms, and one study demonstrated the efficacy of atomoxetine versus placebo for ADHD symptoms in preschoolers. <b><i>Conclusions:</i></b> Further research is needed on pharmacotherapy for preschool children with ADHD.']"34687402,Functional abnormality in the sensorimotor system attributed to NRXN1 variants in boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Functional connectivity', 'NRXN1', 'Polygenic risk score', 'Sensorimotor system']","['Yuanxin Zhong', 'Li An', 'Yufeng Wang', 'Li Yang', 'Qingjiu Cao']","['Impaired sensorimotor circuits have been suggested in Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). NRXN1, highly expressed in cortex and cerebellum, was one of the candidate risk genes for ADHD, while its effects on sensorimotor circuits are unclear. In this content, we aimed to investigate the differential brain effects as functions of the cumulative genetic effects of NRXN1 variants in ADHD and healthy controls (HCs), identifying a potential pathway mapping from NRXN1, sensorimotor circuits, to ADHD. Magnetic resonance imaging, blood samples and clinical assessments were acquired from 53 male ADHD and 46 sex-matched HCs simultaneously. The effects of the cumulative genetic effects of NRXN1 variants valued by poly-variant risk score (PRS), on brain function was measured by resting-state functional connectivity (rs-FC) of cerebrocerebellar circuits. Mediation analyses were conducted to evaluate the association between NRXN1, functional abnormality, and ADHD diagnosis, as well as ADHD symptoms. The results were validated by bootstrapping and 10,000 times permutation tests. The rs-FC analyses demonstrated significant mediation models for ADHD diagnosis, and emphasized the involvement of cerebellum, middle cingulate gyrus and temporal gyrus, which are crucial parts of sensorimotor circuits. The current study suggested NRXN1 conferred risk for ADHD by regulating the function of sensorimotor circuits.']"27842945,Addiction severity pattern associated with adult and childhood Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in patients with addictions.,"['Addiction', 'Addiction severity', 'Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, adult ADHD', 'Psychiatric comorbidity', 'Substance-related disorder']","['Melina Fatséas', 'Hortense Hurmic', 'Fuschia Serre', 'Romain Debrabant', 'Jean-Pierre Daulouède', 'Cécile Denis', 'Marc Auriacombe']","['Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is highly prevalent among adults with addictive disorders, but little is known about addiction patterns associated with ADHD diagnosis. This study examined addiction severity in patients with co-occurring addictive disorders and ADHD controlling for the potential influence of associated psychiatric comorbidity. Data were collected in French outpatient addiction treatment centers. A total of 217 patients seeking treatment for substance or gambling addiction were included. At treatment entry, participants were interviewed with the Addiction Severity Index, the Conners Adult ADHD Diagnosis Interview for the DSM-IV (CAADID), the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI) and the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV Axis II for borderline personality disorder (SCID II). History of ADHD was associated with an earlier onset of addiction, poly-dependence (defined by presence of at least two current substance dependence diagnoses in addition to tobacco dependence if present) and borderline personality disorder. Persistence of ADHD during adulthood was associated with a higher prevalence of poly-dependence. This study highlights the need for early implementation of preventive interventions for substance use or behavioral addiction in children/adolescents with ADHD and the need to consider ADHD in the treatment of addictive disorders.']"33171006,Equine-assisted activities and therapies in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A systematic review.,"['animal-assisted therapy', 'equine-assisted therapy', 'hippotherapy', 'horseback riding therapy', 'personal relationships', 'quality of life']","['Jorge Pérez-Gómez', 'Helena Amigo-Gamero', 'Daniel Collado-Mateo', 'Sabina Barrios-Fernandez', 'Laura Muñoz-Bermejo', 'Miguel Ángel Garcia-Gordillo', 'Jorge Carlos-Vivas', 'José Carmelo Adsuar']","['WHAT IS KNOWN ON THE SUBJECT?: Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is characterized by problems of inattention and impulsive hyperactivity in children. Equine-assisted activities and therapies (EAATs) have been used as alternative non-pharmacological intervention option in patients with ADHD. WHAT DOES THIS PAPER ADDS TO EXISTING KNOWLEDGE?: Nowadays, more studies of high methodological quality are needed to determine whether EAAT is an effective intervention for the treatment in children with ADHD. WHAT ARE THE IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE?: Between 15 and 40\xa0min of rising horses, 8-32 total sessions, for 4-32\xa0weeks, seem to be beneficial to reduce the symptoms of ADHD.', StringElement('INTRODUCTION: Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a disorder characterized by problems of inattention and impulsive hyperactivity. Equine-assisted activities and therapies (EAATs) have become an emerging non-pharmacological intervention option in patients with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'ABSTRACT', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'}), StringElement('To perform a systematic review of updated literature about EAAT in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A systematic review was performed until 28 November 2019, in four electronic databases: PubMed, Web of Science, Embase and Google Scholar. The inclusion criteria were as follows: (a) intervention programme, with pre- and post-data, based on EAAT, (b) children with ADHD and (c) articles written in English.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 9 articles were found that meet the inclusion criteria. The evidence level was C for 7 studies and B for 2 studies. The level of conclusion was 3.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('There are few studies with high methodological quality, and there is a high heterogeneity in the variables included, what make that the level of evidence and conclusion are low.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('There is no account with enough studies of high methodological quality to determine whether EAAT is an effective intervention for the treatment in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35659281,Reasons for treatment changes in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a chart review study.,"['ADHD', 'Adult', 'Chart review', 'Complications', 'Discontinuation', 'Treatment changes']","['Jeff Schein', 'Ann Childress', 'Martin Cloutier', 'Urvi Desai', 'Andi Chin', 'Mark Simes', 'Annie Guerin', 'Julie Adams']","[StringElement('Adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) often cycle through multiple treatments for reasons that are not well documented. This study analyzed the reasons underlying treatment changes among adults treated for ADHD in a real-world setting.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Data were collected via an online reporting form completed by eligible physicians between October and November 2020. Data for adult patients in the United States who were diagnosed with ADHD and initiated a treatment regimen within 1 to 5\xa0years of chart abstraction were obtained. Reason for a treatment change was described for a randomly selected regimen episode, which spanned from treatment initiation until the earliest among treatment add-on/switch or discontinuation, death, or date of chart abstraction. The overall rate of ADHD/treatment-related complications were also described. Physician satisfaction with current treatment options for adult ADHD and opinions on areas for improvement were assessed.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Data on 320 patients were reported by 152 physicians specializing in psychiatry (40.1%), pediatrics (25.0%), family medicine (21.7%), and internal medicine (13.2%). Patients had a mean age of 29.3\xa0years; most were diagnosed with ADHD as adults (57.5%) and within the previous 5\xa0years (56.5%). Selected treatment regimens included stimulants (79.1%), nonstimulants (14.7%), and combination therapy (5.6%) for an average duration of 1.9\xa0years. Among patients with treatment discontinuation (N\u2009=\u200959), the most common reasons for discontinuation were suboptimal symptom management (55.9%), occurrence of ADHD/treatment-related complications (25.4%), and patient attitude/dislike of medication (25.4%). The main reasons for other key treatment changes were inadequate/suboptimal management of symptoms and cost considerations. Over 40% of patients had\u2009≥\u20091 documented ADHD/treatment-related complication, irrespective of whether they led to a treatment change. One in 5 physicians (19.8%) were very dissatisfied, moderately dissatisfied, or neither satisfied nor dissatisfied with current treatment options for ADHD in adults; the top 3 suggested improvements were lower risk of abuse (71.7%), longer effect duration (65.1%), and fewer ADHD/treatment-related complications (61.2%).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The top reasons for treatment changes among adults with ADHD are lack of efficacy and ADHD/treatment-related complications, highlighting the importance of developing more effective and safer treatments to alleviate the burden of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35622626,Perinatal Dioxin Exposure and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Symptoms in Children Living in a Dioxin Contamination Hotspot in Vietnam.,"['age difference', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'autistic traits', 'birth cohort', 'dioxins', 'sex difference']","['Tai Pham-The', 'Muneko Nishijo', 'Thao Ngoc Pham', 'Hoa Thi Vu', 'Nghi Ngoc Tran', 'Anh Hai Tran', 'Luong Van Hoang', 'Quyet Do', 'Yoshikazu Nishino', 'Hisao Nishijo']","['We examined children in Da Nang, a dioxin contamination hotspot in Vietnam, twice at 5 and 8 years of age, and investigated sex- and age-dependent differences in the effects of dioxin exposure on attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms. We also studied autistic traits in children with ADHD symptoms. A total of 163 children participated in follow-up surveys at 5 and 8 years of age and were included in the present analysis. ADHD symptoms were assessed using an ADHD rating scale with inattention and hyperactivity-and-impulsivity (hyperactivity) subscales. Autistic behaviors were evaluated using the Autism Spectrum Rating Scale (ASRS). Perinatal dioxin exposure was indicated by dioxin levels in maternal breast milk. In boys, hyperactivity scores were significantly higher in the high 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) group only at 5 years of age. In girls, hyperactivity scores at 8 years of age were significantly higher in the high TCDD group, which was significantly associated with those at 5 years of age. In girls, ASRS unusual behavior scores were significantly higher with higher TCDD exposure and hyperactivity scores at 8 years of age. These results suggest that high perinatal TCDD exposure may increase ADHD likelihood and autistic traits, particularly in girls of 7-8 years of age.']"34091591,Genetic variations influence brain changes in patients with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,[],"['Santosh K Yadav', 'Ajaz A Bhat', 'Sheema Hashem', 'Sabah Nisar', 'Madeeha Kamal', 'Najeeb Syed', 'Mohamed-Ramzi Temanni', 'Rakesh K Gupta', 'Saddat Kamran', 'Muhammad Waqar Azeem', 'Amit K Srivastava', 'Puneet Bagga', 'Sanjeev Chawla', 'Ravinder Reddy', 'Michael P Frenneaux', 'Khalid Fakhro', 'Mohammad Haris']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurological and neurodevelopmental childhood-onset disorder characterized by a persistent pattern of inattentiveness, impulsiveness, restlessness, and hyperactivity. These symptoms may continue in 55-66% of cases from childhood into adulthood. Even though the precise etiology of ADHD is not fully understood, it is considered as a multifactorial and heterogeneous disorder with several contributing factors such as heritability, auxiliary to neurodevelopmental issues, severe brain injuries, neuroinflammation, consanguineous marriages, premature birth, and exposure to environmental toxins. Neuroimaging and neurodevelopmental assessments may help to explore the possible role of genetic variations on ADHD neuropsychobiology. Multiple genetic studies have observed a strong genetic association with various aspects of neuropsychobiological functions, including neural abnormalities and delayed neurodevelopment in ADHD. The advancement in neuroimaging and molecular genomics offers the opportunity to analyze the impact of genetic variations alongside its dysregulated pathways on structural and functional derived brain imaging phenotypes in various neurological and psychiatric disorders, including ADHD. Recently, neuroimaging genomic studies observed a significant association of brain imaging phenotypes with genetic susceptibility in ADHD. Integrating the neuroimaging-derived phenotypes with genomics deciphers various neurobiological pathways that can be leveraged for the development of novel clinical biomarkers, new treatment modalities as well as therapeutic interventions for ADHD patients. In this review, we discuss the neurobiology of ADHD with particular emphasis on structural and functional changes in the ADHD brain and their interactions with complex genomic variations utilizing imaging genetics methodologies. We also highlight the genetic variants supposedly allied with the development of ADHD and how these, in turn, may affect the brain circuit function and related behaviors. In addition to reviewing imaging genetic studies, we also examine the need for complementary approaches at various levels of biological complexity and emphasize the importance of combining and integrating results to explore biological pathways involved in ADHD disorder. These approaches include animal models, computational biology, bioinformatics analyses, and multimodal imaging genetics studies.']"33361063,Disentangling pediatric bipolar disorder and attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder: A neuropsychological approach.,[],"['F Zaravinos-Tsakos', 'G Kolaitis']","['The clinical and diagnostic debate circulating pediatric bipolar disorder (PBD) has been highlighted as one of the most controversial themes in child psychiatry. With atypical symptomatic expression, constituting its predominant diagnostic discrepancy, PBD is manifested through prolonged manic episodes and affective storms, lacking the symptomatic cycling and episodic nature presented in adult BD. Apart from its unique clinical presentation, the substantial symptomatic overlap with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) indicate an important diagnostic challenge in PBD. Specifically, both disorders share core characteristics such as irritability, hyperactivity, excessive talking and distractibility. Against this background of findings on the overlapping symptomatology between PBD and ADHD, current research guidelines highlight the need of exploring non-symptomatic markers as potential clinical phenotypes. Especially in disorders with distinctive biologic underpinnings, both clinicians and researchers have shown increased interest in establishing neuropsychological profiles. Recent neuropsychological studies indicated the distinct nature of neurocognitive deficits in PBD, describing impairments in various cognitive skills during acute episodes phases, while this severe deterioration of cognitive deficits appears to persist even during euthymic states. Regarding neuropsychological assessment in AHD, recent findings suggested dysfunctions in the domains of working memory, verbal memory and response inhibition. Furthermore, neuroimaging studies are fast becoming a key instrument to establish distinct neuropsychological profiles for PBD and ADHD. A large number of neuroimaging studies have indicated abnormalities in limbic, cortical and subcortical brain systems, while meta-analytic findings of voxel based morphometric studies highlight abnormalities in dorsolateral and lateral orbitofrontal-temporal areas in PBD. In recent neuroimaging findings with focus on neurocognitive performance during an emotional Stroop task, patients diagnosed with ADHD indicated activation on higher cortical centres associated with processing speed and significantly decreased role of sustained attention. Furthermore, these findings suggest emotional regulation and inhibitory control are moderately intercorrelated, adding more complexity to the theme of neurocognitive deficits in ADHD. These observations on the neurobiological mechanisms of cognitive impairments in PBD appear to provide robust evidence on a potential specific neuropsychological profile of PBD, the relationship between mood states and neuropsychological functioning, and the link between emotion generation and regulation in children with PBD.']"30730956,Psychiatric comorbid patterns in adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: Treatment effect and subtypes.,[],"['Fang-Ju Tsai', 'Wan-Ling Tseng', 'Li-Kuang Yang', 'Susan Shur-Fen Gau']","['Psychiatric comorbidities are common in individuals with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). In this study, we sought to evaluate the effects of medication and childhood ADHD subtypes on psychiatric comorbidities among adults with ADHD as compared to healthy adult controls. We assessed 121 drug-naïve adults with ADHD, 93 treated adults with ADHD, and 145 healthy controls (age 18-36 years) using semi-structured psychiatric interviews, intelligence tests, and medical records. Drug-naïve adults with ADHD had more comorbidities than treated adults with ADHD and controls. Childhood ADHD-combined subtype, relative to ADHD-inattentive subtype, was associated with higher risks of comorbidities. Current medication treatment was associate with a higher risk for anxiety disorders, and longer treatment duration was associated with lower risks of mood disorders and sleep disorders. Our results indicate that no medication treatment, short treatment duration, and childhood ADHD-combined subtype are associated with increased risks for psychiatric comorbidities among adults with ADHD.']"34768266,How Are Attention-deficit Hyperactivity and Internet Gaming Disorders Related in Children and Youth?,[],"['Ashraf B Muzwagi', 'Fatima B Motiwala', 'Geetha Manikkara', 'Abid Rizvi', 'Mark A Varela', 'A John Rush', 'Muhammad K Zafar', 'Shailesh B Jain']","[StringElement('This review addresses important practical questions facing clinicians regarding internet gaming disorder (IGD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and youth (C-Y). The authors investigated data concerning the risk that C-Y who have ADHD will develop IGD, whether effective treatment of ADHD positively influences the course of IGD in C-Y who have both, and other findings that might be of benefit to clinicians who treat C-Y with these conditions.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('We conducted a literature review using 4 databases: PubMed, Scopus, PsychInfo, and Embase.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('C-Y with ADHD are at greater risk for developing IGD than those without ADHD. A close association exists between the severity of ADHD symptoms and the severity of IGD. It is unknown what proportion of C-Y with ADHD will develop IGD during their developmental trajectory; however, C-Y with IGD are at risk for developing ADHD, and ADHD can also increase the vulnerability of C-Y to IGD. Adolescents with ADHD and IGD have greater deficits in social skills than those with ADHD but no IGD. Lower parental occupational and socioeconomic status and poor family relationships are associated with more severe IGD symptoms. Atomoxetine and methylphenidate are equally effective in alleviating IGD symptoms comorbid with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('C-Y with ADHD are at increased risk for developing IGD compared with C-Y without ADHD, but it has not been determined at what developmental stage IGD is likely to emerge. Since IGD and ADHD are strongly associated, it is imperative to consider ADHD as a significant risk factor for IGD and vice versa, which can help psychiatrists be alert for early signs of IGD and manage them accordingly.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29508250,The Mechanism of Cortico-Striato-Thalamo-Cortical Neurocircuitry in Response Inhibition and Emotional Responding in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder with Comorbid Disruptive Behavior Disorder.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Disruptive behavior disorder', 'Emotion', 'Executive function']","['Yuncheng Zhu', 'Xixi Jiang', 'Weidong Ji']","['The neurocircuitries that constitute the cortico-striato-thalamo-cortical (CSTC) circuit provide a framework for bridging gaps between neuroscience and executive function in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but it has been difficult to identify the mechanisms for regulating emotional problems from the understanding of ADHD comorbidity with disruptive behavior disorders (DBD). Research based on ""cool"" and ""hot"" executive functional theory and the dual pathway models, which are thought of as applied response inhibition and delay aversion, respectively, within the neuropsychological view of ADHD, has shed light on emotional responding before and after decontextualized stimuli, while CSTC circuit-related domains have been suggested to explain the different emotional symptoms of ADHD with or without comorbid DBD. This review discusses the role of abnormal connections in each CSTC circuit, especially in the emotion circuit, which may be responsible for targeted executive dysfunction at the neuroscience level. Thus, the two major domains - abstract thinking (cool) and emotional trait (hot) - trigger the mechanism of onset of ADHD.']"33655866,Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs) and Serotonin Norepinephrine Reuptake Inhibitors (SNRIs) During Pregnancy and the Risk for Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in the Offspring: A True Effect or a Bias? A Systematic Review & Meta-Analysis.,"['ADHD', 'ASD', ""SNRI's"", ""SSRI's"", 'antidepressants', 'pregnancy.', 'prenatal exposure']","['Regina Leshem', 'Benjamin Bar-Oz', 'Orna Diav-Citrin', 'Siham Gbaly', 'Jessica Soliman', 'Christel Renoux', 'Ilan Matok']","[StringElement('An inconsistent association between exposure to SSRIs and SNRIs and the risk for ASD and ADHD in the Offspring was observed in observational studies. Some suggest that the reported association might be due to unmeasured confounding. We aimed to study this association and to look for sources of bias by performing a systematic review and meta-analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Medline, Embase, and the Cochrane Library were searched up to June 2019 for studies reporting on ASD and ADHD in the Offspring following exposure during pregnancy. We followed the PRISMA 2009 guidelines for data selection and extraction. Outcomes were pooled using random- effects models and odds ratios (OR), and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated for each outcome using the adjusted point estimate of each study.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Eighteen studies were included in the meta-analysis. We found an association between SSRIs/ SNRIs prenatal use and the risk for ASD and ADHD (OR=1.42, 95% CI: 1.23-1.65, I<sup>2</sup>=58%; OR=1.26, 95% CI: 1.07-1.49, I2=48%, respectively). Similar findings were obtained in women who were exposed to SSRIs/SNRIs before pregnancy, representing statistically significant association with ASD (OR=1.39, 95% CI: 1.24-1.56, I2=33%) and ADHD (OR=1.63, 95% CI: 1.50-1.78, I<sup>2</sup>=0%) in the Offspring, although they were not exposed to those medications in utero.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Although we found an association between exposure to SSRIs/SNRIs during pregnancy and the risk for ASD and ADHD, an association with those disorders was also present for exposure pre-pregnancy, suggesting that the association might be due to unmeasured confounding. We are aiming to further assess the role of potential unmeasured confounding in the estimation of the association and perform a network meta-analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33846731,"Long-term risk of epilepsy, cerebral palsy and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children affected by a threatened abortion in utero.","['Abortion', 'attention-deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'cerebral palsy', 'cohort studies', 'epilepsy', 'matched-pair analysis', 'threatened']","['Elena Dudukina', 'Erzsébet Horváth-Puhó', 'Henrik Toft Sørensen', 'Vera Ehrenstein']","[StringElement('The birth of a child affected by a threatened abortion (TAB) in utero is associated with autism spectrum disorder; association with other neurological disorders is unknown.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This nationwide registry-based cohort study included singletons live-born in Denmark (1979-2010), followed through 2016. The outcomes were epilepsy, cerebral palsy (CP) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). We used Cox regression to compute hazard ratios (HRs), adjusted for birth year, birth order, parental age, morbidity, medication use and maternal socio-economic factors. To remove time-invariant family-shared confounding, we applied sibling analyses.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The study population included 1\xa0864\xa0221 singletons live-born in 1979-2010. Among the TAB-affected children (N\u2009=\u200959\xa0134) vs TAB-unaffected children, at the end of follow-up, the cumulative incidence was 2.2% vs 1.6% for epilepsy, 0.4% vs 0.2% for CP and 5.5% vs 4.2% for ADHD (for children born in 1995-2010). The adjusted HRs were 1.25 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.16-1.34] for epilepsy, 1.42 (95% CI 1.20-1.68) for CP and 1.21 (95% CI 1.14-1.29) for ADHD. In the sibling design, the adjusted HRs were unity for epilepsy (full siblings: 0.96, 95% CI 0.82-1.12; maternal: 1.04, 95% CI 0.90-1.20; paternal: 1.08, 95% CI 0.93-1.25) and ADHD (full: 1.08, 95% CI 0.92-1.27; maternal: 1.04, 95% CI 0.90-1.20; paternal: 1.08, 95% CI 0.93-1.25). For CP, HRs shifted away from unity among sibling pairs (full: 2.92, 95% CI 1.33-6.39; maternal: 2.03, 95% CI 1.15-3.57; paternal: 3.28, 95% CI 1.36-7.91).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The birth of a child affected by TAB in utero was associated with a greater risk of CP, but not epilepsy or ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33305979,Mindfulness Training for Adults with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: Implementation of Mindful Awareness Practices in a French-Speaking Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Unit.,"['ADHD', 'adult', 'attention', 'depression', 'mindfulness training']","['Rosetta Nicastro', 'Françoise Jermann', 'Sophie Bluteau Blin', 'Caroline Waeber', 'Nader Perroud']","['<b><i>Introduction:</i></b> Mindfulness-based programs are a promising option for patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), who face attention, hyperactivity, and emotion dysregulation issues in their daily life. <b><i>Objective:</i></b> To examine the implementation and impact of specific mindfulness training for adults with ADHD in a French-speaking unit. <b><i>Methods:</i></b> Thirty-eight adults with ADHD were included in an 8-week Mindful Awareness Practices (MAPs) program. Patients were assessed for ADHD symptoms, anxiety, depression, and mindfulness skills, before (T1) and after (T2) the eight sessions, and then 2 months later (T3). <b><i>Results:</i></b> The patients adhered to the program as the majority of them completed it. A significant decrease in ADHD, depression, and anxiety symptoms was found between T1 and T2. Regarding mindfulness skills, a significant increase was observed between T1 and T2 in Observing, Describing and Nonreactivity to inner experience cores, but not Acting with awareness and Nonjudging of inner experience scores. There was no significant change between T2 and T3. <b><i>Conclusion:</i></b> The MAPs program was successfully implemented and showed promising effects on ADHD symptomatology and related symptoms.']"29116873,The Effect of Experimental Supplementation with the Klamath Algae Extract Klamin on Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['algae extract', 'aphanizomenon', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'phenylethylamine • supplementations']","['Maurizio Cremonte', 'Davide Sisti', 'Ilaria Maraucci', 'Simona Giribone', 'Evelin Colombo', 'Marco Bruno Luigi Rocchi', 'Stefano Scoglio']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a chronic neurobiological condition with onset in childhood. The disorder is characterized by inattention, impulsivity, and/or motor hyperactivity, which often affect the development and social integration of affected subjects. Phenylethylamine (PEA), naturally contained in the Klamath Lake microalgae and concentrated in the Klamin<sup>®</sup> extract, is an endogenous molecule with a general neuromodulatory activity. It functions as an activator for the neurotransmission of dopamine and other catecholamines, and very low concentrations of PEA may be associated with specific psychological disorders such as ADHD. The aim of our study was to evaluate the efficacy of the Klamin extract in treating a group of subjects diagnosed with ADHD. Thirty subjects, aged 6-15, who had been diagnosed with ADHD according to the DSM-IV TR criteria, were enrolled. The supplement was administered to all the subjects, who reported to an ADHD clinic for routine follow-up visits. Observations were made and data collected over a 6-month period. After 6 months of therapy the subjects appeared to show significant improvements based on assessments of their overall functioning, behavioral aspects related to inattention and hyperactivity-impulsivity, attention functions in both the selective and sustained component and executive functions. The study appears to confirm the initial hypothesis that the Klamin extract may positively affect the expression of ADHD symptoms. Additional larger studies on the effects of Klamin on ADHD are needed to further investigate the potential of this extract in ADHD treatment.']"35752070,Associations of polygenic risk for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder with general and specific dimensions of childhood psychological problems and facets of impulsivity.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Executive functioning', 'Impulsivity', 'Mediation', 'Polygenic risk scores']","['Benjamin B Lahey', 'Lin Tong', 'Brandon Pierce', 'Donald Hedeker', 'Marc G Berman', 'Carlos Cardenas-Iniguez', 'Tyler M Moore', 'Brooks Applegate', 'Henning Tiemeier', 'Antonia N Kaczkurkin']","['A polygenic risk score (PRS) for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been found to be associated with ADHD in multiple studies, but also with many other dimensions of problems. Little is known, however, about the processes underlying these transdiagnostic associations. Using data from the baseline and 1-year follow-up assessments of 9- to 10-year-old children in the Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development™ (ABCD©) Study, associations were assessed between an ADHD PRS and both general and specific factors of psychological problems defined in bifactor modeling. Additionally, prospective mediated paths were tested from the ADHD PRS to dimensions of problems in the follow-up assessment through baseline measures of executive functioning (EF) and two facets of impulsivity: lower perseverance and greater impulsiveness in the presence of surgent positive emotions. Previous findings of modest but significant direct associations of the ADHD PRS with the general factor of psychological problems were replicated in both assessments in 4,483 children of European ancestry. In addition, significant statistical mediation was found from the ADHD PRS to the general factor, specific ADHD, and conduct problems in the follow-up assessment through each of the two facets of impulsivity. In contrast, EF did not statistically mediate associations between the ADHD PRS and psychological problems. These results suggest that polygenic risk transdiagnostically influences both psychological problems and facets of impulsivity, perhaps partly through indirect pathways via facets of impulsivity.']"34954028,Brain Signatures During Reward Anticipation Predict Persistent Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms.,"['Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'functional magnetic resonance imaging', 'monetary incentive delay', 'polygenic risk score']","['Di Chen', 'Tianye Jia', 'Wei Cheng', 'Miao Cao', 'Tobias Banaschewski', 'Gareth J Barker', 'Arun L W Bokde', 'Uli Bromberg', 'Christian Büchel', 'Sylvane Desrivières', 'Herta Flor', 'Antoine Grigis', 'Hugh Garavan', 'Penny A Gowland', 'Andreas Heinz', 'Bernd Ittermann', 'Jean-Luc Martinot', 'Marie-Laure Paillère Martinot', 'Frauke Nees', 'Dimitri Papadopoulos Orfanos', 'Tomáš Paus', 'Luise Poustka', 'Juliane H Fröhner', 'Michael N Smolka', 'Henrik Walter', 'Robert Whelan', 'T W Robbins', 'Barbara J Sahakian', 'Gunter Schumann', 'Jianfeng Feng']","[StringElement('Children experiencing attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms may retain symptoms into adulthood, but little is known about the underlying mechanism.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('To identify biomarkers of persistent ADHD symptom development, we carried out whole-brain analyses of neuroimaging data during the anticipation phase of the Monetary-Incentive-Delay (MID) task in 1,368 adolescents recruited by the IMAGEN Consortium at age 14 years, whose behavioral measurements were followed up longitudinally at age 16. In particular, we focused on comparing individuals with persistent high ADHD symptoms at both ages 14 and 16 years to unaffected control individuals, but also exploring which individuals demonstrating symptom remission (with high ADHD symptoms at age 14 but much reduced at age 16).', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('We identified reduced activations in the medial frontal cortex and the thalamus during reward anticipation as neuro-biomarkers for persistent ADHD symptoms across time. The genetic relevance of the above findings was further supported by the associations of the polygenic risk scores of ADHD with both the persistent and control status and the activations of both brain regions. Furthermore, in an exploratory analysis, the thalamic activation might also help to distinguish persons with persistent ADHD from those remitted in both an exploratory sample (odds ratio\xa0= 9.43, p\xa0< .001) and an independent generalization sample (odds ratio\xa0= 4.64, p\xa0= .003).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Using a well-established and widely applied functional magnetic resonance imaging task, we have identified neural biomarkers that could discriminate ADHD symptoms that persist throughout adolescence from controls and potentially those likely to remit during adolescent development as well.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"32663329,Investigating attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorder traits in the general population: What happens in adult life?,"['Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children', 'Neurodevelopmental', 'adult', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'genetic']","['Lucy Riglin', 'Beate Leppert', 'Kate Langley', 'Ajay K Thapar', ""Michael C O'Donovan"", 'George Davey Smith', 'Evie Stergiakouli', 'Kate Tilling', 'Anita Thapar']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) are generally considered early-onset disorders so most research has therefore tended to focus on children. Differences between ADHD/ASD in adult life and childhood have been noted, but few population-based studies have examined them in adulthood. Furthermore, the interpretation of findings is hampered by changes in measure and from parent report to self-report.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We examined continuous/trait measures of parent- and self-rated ADHD and ASD in adulthood (age 25\xa0years) in a UK prospective longitudinal sample ALPSAC (the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children), using many of the same measures that parents reported on in childhood (N\xa0=\xa06,064). Our aim was to investigate these traits in this population for mean-level sex differences, overlaps with other cognitive, learning and communication problems and their associations with polygenic risk scores (PRS) for neuropsychiatric disorders (ADHD, ASD, schizophrenia, depression and anxiety).', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('ADHD and ASD traits in adulthood, as in childhood, showed associations with childhood cognitive, learning and communication problems and adult communication/language measures, although less so for self-ratings than parent-ratings. Males had higher ADHD and ASD trait levels, but this was not as marked as in childhood. In adulthood, ADHD (both parent- and self-rated) and ASD (parent-rated) symptoms showed associations with ADHD PRS; self-reported ADHD also showed association with depression PRS, whereas self-reported ASD did not show strong PRS associations.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our findings suggest that in young adults, ADHD and ASD symptoms have similar characteristics as they do in childhood. Associations with other cognitive, learning and communication problems, and ADHD PRS were somewhat less pronounced for self-reported adult ADHD and ASD symptoms, suggesting that even at age 25, parent reports, where available, could be clinically useful.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"26266467,The Association Between Socioeconomic Disadvantage and Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): A Systematic Review.,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Health inequalities', 'SES', 'Socioeconomic disadvantage', 'Socioeconomic status']","['Abigail Emma Russell', 'Tamsin Ford', 'Rebecca Williams', 'Ginny Russell']","['This systematic review examines associations between parental socioeconomic disadvantage and childhood attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Socioeconomic status (SES) was measured by parental income, education, occupation and marital status. Results were mixed by measure of SES with no one aspect being differentially related to ADHD. 42 studies were included in the review, of which 35 found a significant univariate association between socioeconomic disadvantage and ADHD. Meta-analyses of dimensions of SES and their association with ADHD indicate that children in families of low SES are on average 1.85-2.21 more likely to have ADHD than their peers in high SES families. In spite of substantial between-study heterogeneity, there is evidence for an association between socioeconomic disadvantage and risk of ADHD measured in different ways. This is likely mediated by factors linked to low SES such as parental mental health and maternal smoking during pregnancy.']"29792238,Mapping the neuroanatomic substrates of cognition in familial attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'familial ADHD', 'psychiatry', 'psychostimulant']","['Rachel Muster', 'Saadia Choudhury', 'Wendy Sharp', 'Steven Kasparek', 'Gustavo Sudre', 'Philip Shaw']","[StringElement('While the neuroanatomic substrates of symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have been investigated, less is known about the neuroanatomic correlates of cognitive abilities pertinent to the disorder, particularly in adults. Here we define the neuroanatomic correlates of key cognitive abilities and determine if there are associations with histories of psychostimulant medication.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We acquired neuroanatomic magnetic resonance imaging data from 264 members of 60 families (mean age 29.5; s.d. 18.4, 116 with ADHD). Using linear mixed model regression, we tested for associations between cognitive abilities (working memory, information processing, intelligence, and attention), symptoms and both cortical and subcortical volumes.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Symptom severity was associated with spatial working memory (t = -3.77, p = 0.0002), processing speed (t = -2.95, p = 0.004) and a measure of impulsive responding (t = 2.19, p = 0.03); these associations did not vary with age (all p &gt; 0.1). Neuroanatomic associations of cognition varied by task but centered on prefrontal, lateral parietal and temporal cortical regions, the thalamus and putamen. The neuroanatomic correlates of ADHD symptoms overlapped significantly with those of working memory (Dice's overlap coefficient: spatial, p = 0.003; verbal, p = 0.001) and information processing (p = 0.02). Psychostimulant medication history was associated with neither cognitive skills nor with a brain-cognition relationships."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Diagnostic differences in the cognitive profile of ADHD does not vary significantly with age; nor were cognitive differences associated with psychostimulant medication history. The neuroanatomic substrates of working memory and information overlapped with those for symptoms within these extended families, consistent with a pathophysiological role for these cognitive skills in familial ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30095242,Executive function predicts the visuospatial working memory in autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'executive function', 'visuospatial working memory']","['Zengjian Wang', 'Jin Jing', 'Kazue Igarashi', 'Lijun Fan', 'Siyuan Yang', 'YongMei Li', 'Yu Jin']","['Children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and those with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) always show working memory deficits. However, research findings on the factors that affected the working memory in ASD and ADHD were inconsistent. Thus, we developed the present study to investigate the association of executive function (EF) with the visuospatial working memory (VSWM) in ASD and ADHD. Three groups of participants were examined: 21 children with ASD, 28 children with ADHD and 28 typically developing (TD) children as the controls. All participants completed two tests: the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) and the Corsi Block Tapping Test for measuring EF and VSWM, respectively. The WCST included four domains: categories achieved (CA), perseverative errors (PE), failures to maintain set (FMS), and total errors (TE). The findings indicated that (1) the ASD group showed poorer performance in VSWM than the ADHD and TD groups; (2) for the ASD group, VSWM was positively correlated with CA, and was negatively correlated with PE and TE; (3) for the ADHD group, FMS showed a negative relationship with VSWM; and (4) TE predicted the performance of VSWM in ASD group, while FMS predicted VSWM in ADHD group. The study results suggested that VSWM was impaired in ASD but not in ADHD. Also, the EF domains were differently correlated with the VSWM performance in ASD and ADHD. Our study suggests that we should consider different intervention targets of working memory and EF contributions in improving the cognitive capacity of ASD and ADHD. Autism Res 2018, 11: 1148-1156. © 2018 International Society for Autism Research, Wiley Periodicals, Inc. LAY SUMMARY: The present study compared the visuospatial working memory (VSWM) in three groups of children: autism (ASD), attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and typically developed children (TD). The ASD group showed poorer VSWM than the ADHD and TD groups. The total error of executive function predicted the performance of VSWM in ASD, while failures to maintain set predicted VSWM in ADHD . These findings suggested that we should consider the different working memory and executive function training targets to increase cognitive capacity of ASD and ADHD.']"35592415,Phytotherapy for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.,"['Melissa officinalis L.', 'Valeriana officinalis L', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'complementary alternative medicine (CAM)', 'herbal treatments', 'phytotherapy']","['Tusheema Dutta', 'Uttpal Anand', 'Shreya Sikdar Mitra', 'Mimosa Ghorai', 'Niraj Kumar Jha', 'Nusratbanu K Shaikh', 'Mahipal S Shekhawat', 'Devendra Kumar Pandey', 'Jarosław Proćków', 'Abhijit Dey']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is commonly a neurodevelopmental behavioural disorder in children and adolescents. Mainly characterized by symptoms like lack of attention, hyperactivity, and impulsiveness, it can impact the overall mental development of the one affected. Several factors, both genetic and non-genetic, can be responsible for this disorder. Although several traditional treatment methods involve medication and other counselling techniques, they also come with different side effects. Hence, the choice is now shifting to alternative treatment techniques. Herbal treatments are considered one of the most popular complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) administered. However, issues related to the safety and efficacy of herbal remedies for the treatment of ADHD need to be investigated further. This study aims to find out the recent advancement in evidence-based use of herbal remedies for ADHD by a comprehensive and systematic review that depicts the results of the published works on herbal therapy for the disorder. The electronic databases and the references retrieved from the included studies present related randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and open-label studies. Seven RCTs involving children and adolescents diagnosed with ADHD met the inclusion criteria. There is a fair indication of the efficacy and safety of Melissa officinalis L., Bacopa monnieri (L.) Wettst., Matricaria chamomilla L., and Valeriana officinalis L. from the studies evaluated in this systematic review for the treatment of various symptoms of ADHD. Limited evidence was found for Ginkgo biloba L. and pine bark extract. However, various other preparations from other plants did not show significant efficacy. There is inadequate proof to strongly support and recommend the administration of herbal medicines for ADHD, but more research is needed in the relevant field to popularize the alternative treatment approach.']"28408002,Economic Burden of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder among Pediatric Patients in the United States.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'children', 'cost of illness', 'health care costs']","['Komal Gupte-Singh', 'Rakesh R Singh', 'Kenneth A Lawson']","[StringElement('To determine the adjusted incremental total costs (direct and indirect) for patients (aged 3-17 years) with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and the differences in the adjusted incremental direct expenditures with respect to age groups (preschoolers, 0-5 years; children, 6-11 years; and adolescents, 12-17 years).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('The 2011 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey was used as the data source. The ADHD cohort consisted of patients aged 0 to 17 years with a diagnosis of ADHD, whereas the non-ADHD cohort consisted of subjects in the same age range without a diagnosis of ADHD. The annual incremental total cost of ADHD is composed of the incremental direct expenditures and indirect costs. A two-part model with a logistic regression (first part) and a generalized linear model (second part) was used to estimate the incremental costs of ADHD while controlling for patient characteristics and access-to-care variables.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The 2011 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey database included 9108 individuals aged 0 to 17 years, with 458 (5.0%) having an ADHD diagnosis. The ADHD cohort was 4.90 times more likely (95% confidence interval [CI] 2.97-8.08; P < 0.001) than the non-ADHD cohort to have an expenditure of at least $1, and among those with positive expenditures, the ADHD cohort had 58.4% higher expenditures than the non-ADHD cohort (P < 0.001). The estimated adjusted annual total incremental cost of ADHD was $949.24 (95% CI $593.30-$1305.18; P < 0.001). The adjusted annual incremental total direct expenditure for ADHD was higher among preschoolers ($989.34; 95% CI $402.70-$1575.98; P = 0.001) than among adolescents ($894.94; 95% CI $428.16-$1361.71; P < 0.001) or children ($682.71; 95% CI $347.94-$1017.48; P < 0.001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Early diagnosis and use of evidence-based treatments may address the substantial burden of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35641729,"A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Parental Depression, Antidepressant Usage, Antisocial Personality Disorder, and Stress and Anxiety as Risk Factors for Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in Children.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Meta-analysis', 'Parent mental health']","['Lara R Robinson', 'Rebecca H Bitsko', ""Brenna O'Masta"", 'Joseph R Holbrook', 'Jean Ko', 'Caroline M Barry', 'Brion Maher', 'Audrey Cerles', 'Kayla Saadeh', 'Laurel MacMillan', 'Zayan Mahmooth', 'Jeanette Bloomfield', 'Margaret Rush', 'Jennifer W Kaminski']","[""Poor parental mental health and stress have been associated with children's mental disorders, including attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), through social, genetic, and neurobiological pathways. To determine the strength of the associations between parental mental health and child ADHD, we conducted a set of meta-analyses to examine the association of parent mental health indicators (e.g., parental depression, antidepressant usage, antisocial personality disorder, and stress and anxiety) with subsequent ADHD outcomes in children. Eligible ADHD outcomes included diagnosis or symptoms. Fifty-eight articles published from 1980 to 2019 were included. We calculated pooled effect sizes, accounting for each study's conditional variance, separately for test statistics based on ADHD as a dichotomous (e.g., diagnosis or clinical cutoffs) or continuous measurement (e.g., symptoms of ADHD subtypes of inattentiveness and hyperactivity/impulsivity). Parental stress and parental depression were significantly associated with increased risk for ADHD overall and both symptoms and diagnosis. Specifically, maternal stress and anxiety, maternal prenatal stress, maternal depression, maternal post-partum depression, and paternal depression were positively associated with ADHD. In addition, parental depression was associated with symptoms of ADHD inattentive and hyperactive/impulsive subtypes. Parental antisocial personality disorder was also positively associated with ADHD overall and specifically ADHD diagnosis. Prenatal antidepressant usage was associated with ADHD when measured dichotomously only. These findings raise the possibility that prevention strategies promoting parental mental health and addressing parental stress could have the potential for positive long-term impacts on child health, well-being, and behavioral outcomes.""]"32420680,Consortium neuroscience of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorder: The ENIGMA adventure.,"['ADHD', 'ASD', 'ENIGMA', 'cortex', 'neuroimaging', 'subcortical volumes']","['Martine Hoogman', 'Daan van Rooij', 'Marieke Klein', 'Premika Boedhoe', 'Iva Ilioska', 'Ting Li', 'Yash Patel', 'Merel C Postema', 'Yanli Zhang-James', 'Evdokia Anagnostou', 'Celso Arango', 'Guillaume Auzias', 'Tobias Banaschewski', 'Claiton H D Bau', 'Marlene Behrmann', 'Mark A Bellgrove', 'Daniel Brandeis', 'Silvia Brem', 'Geraldo F Busatto', 'Sara Calderoni', 'Rosa Calvo', 'Francisco X Castellanos', 'David Coghill', 'Annette Conzelmann', 'Eileen Daly', 'Christine Deruelle', 'Ilan Dinstein', 'Sarah Durston', 'Christine Ecker', 'Stefan Ehrlich', 'Jeffery N Epstein', 'Damien A Fair', 'Jacqueline Fitzgerald', 'Christine M Freitag', 'Thomas Frodl', 'Louise Gallagher', 'Eugenio H Grevet', 'Jan Haavik', 'Pieter J Hoekstra', 'Joost Janssen', 'Georgii Karkashadze', 'Joseph A King', 'Kerstin Konrad', 'Jonna Kuntsi', 'Luisa Lazaro', 'Jason P Lerch', 'Klaus-Peter Lesch', 'Mario R Louza', 'Beatriz Luna', 'Paulo Mattos', 'Jane McGrath', 'Filippo Muratori', 'Clodagh Murphy', 'Joel T Nigg', 'Eileen Oberwelland-Weiss', ""Ruth L O'Gorman Tuura"", ""Kirsten O'Hearn"", 'Jaap Oosterlaan', 'Mara Parellada', 'Paul Pauli', 'Kerstin J Plessen', 'J Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'Andreas Reif', 'Liesbeth Reneman', 'Alessandra Retico', 'Pedro G P Rosa', 'Katya Rubia', 'Philip Shaw', 'Tim J Silk', 'Leanne Tamm', 'Oscar Vilarroya', 'Susanne Walitza', 'Neda Jahanshad', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Clyde Francks', 'Odile A van den Heuvel', 'Tomas Paus', 'Paul M Thompson', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Barbara Franke']","['Neuroimaging has been extensively used to study brain structure and function in individuals with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) over the past decades. Two of the main shortcomings of the neuroimaging literature of these disorders are the small sample sizes employed and the heterogeneity of methods used. In 2013 and 2014, the ENIGMA-ADHD and ENIGMA-ASD working groups were respectively, founded with a common goal to address these limitations. Here, we provide a narrative review of the thus far completed and still ongoing projects of these working groups. Due to an implicitly hierarchical psychiatric diagnostic classification system, the fields of ADHD and ASD have developed largely in isolation, despite the considerable overlap in the occurrence of the disorders. The collaboration between the ENIGMA-ADHD and -ASD working groups seeks to bring the neuroimaging efforts of the two disorders closer together. The outcomes of case-control studies of subcortical and cortical structures showed that subcortical volumes are similarly affected in ASD and ADHD, albeit with small effect sizes. Cortical analyses identified unique differences in each disorder, but also considerable overlap between the two, specifically in cortical thickness. Ongoing work is examining alternative research questions, such as brain laterality, prediction of case-control status, and anatomical heterogeneity. In brief, great strides have been made toward fulfilling the aims of the ENIGMA collaborations, while new ideas and follow-up analyses continue that include more imaging modalities (diffusion MRI and resting-state functional MRI), collaborations with other large databases, and samples with dual diagnoses.']"25613588,Classifying adolescent attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) based on functional and structural imaging.,"['ADHD', 'Adolescence', 'Attention', 'Classification', 'fMRI']","['Reto Iannaccone', 'Tobias U Hauser', 'Juliane Ball', 'Daniel Brandeis', 'Susanne Walitza', 'Silvia Brem']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common disabling psychiatric disorder associated with consistent deficits in error processing, inhibition and regionally decreased grey matter volumes. The diagnosis is based on clinical presentation, interviews and questionnaires, which are to some degree subjective and would benefit from verification through biomarkers. Here, pattern recognition of multiple discriminative functional and structural brain patterns was applied to classify adolescents with ADHD and controls. Functional activation features in a Flanker/NoGo task probing error processing and inhibition along with structural magnetic resonance imaging data served to predict group membership using support vector machines (SVMs). The SVM pattern recognition algorithm correctly classified 77.78% of the subjects with a sensitivity and specificity of 77.78% based on error processing. Predictive regions for controls were mainly detected in core areas for error processing and attention such as the medial and dorsolateral frontal areas reflecting deficient processing in ADHD (Hart et al., in Hum Brain Mapp 35:3083-3094, 2014), and overlapped with decreased activations in patients in conventional group comparisons. Regions more predictive for ADHD patients were identified in the posterior cingulate, temporal and occipital cortex. Interestingly despite pronounced univariate group differences in inhibition-related activation and grey matter volumes the corresponding classifiers failed or only yielded a poor discrimination. The present study corroborates the potential of task-related brain activation for classification shown in previous studies. It remains to be clarified whether error processing, which performed best here, also contributes to the discrimination of useful dimensions and subtypes, different psychiatric disorders, and prediction of treatment success across studies and sites.']"31923004,Exposure to Surgery and Anesthesia in Early Childhood and Subsequent Use of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Medications.,[],"['Caleb Ing', 'Xiaoyue Ma', 'Ming Sun', 'Yewei Lu', 'Melanie M Wall', 'Mark Olfson', 'Guohua Li']","[StringElement('Some recent clinical studies have found that early childhood exposure to anesthesia is associated with increased risks of behavioral deficits and clinical diagnoses of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). While diagnoses in claims data may be subject to inaccuracies, pharmacy claims are highly accurate in reflecting medication use. This study examines the association between exposure to surgery and anesthesia and subsequent ADHD medication use.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Longitudinal data for children enrolled in Texas and New York Medicaid from 1999 to 2010 were used. We assessed the association between a single exposure to anesthesia before age 5 years for 1 of 4 common pediatric surgical procedures (pyloromyotomy, inguinal hernia repair, circumcisions outside the perinatal period, and tonsillectomy and/or adenoidectomy) and persistent ADHD medication use (event defined as the initial ADHD medication prescription, and persistent use defined as filling 2 or more ≥30-day prescriptions between 6 months following surgery until censoring). Exposed children (n = 42,687) were matched on propensity score (ie, the probability of receiving surgery) estimated in logistic regression including sociodemographic and clinical covariates, to children without anesthesia exposure before age 5 years (n = 213,435). Cox proportional hazards models were used to evaluate the hazard ratio (HR) of ADHD medication use following exposure. Nonpsychotropic medications served as negative controls to determine if exposed children simply had higher overall medication use.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children with a single exposure to surgery and anesthesia were 37% more likely than unexposed children to persistently use ADHD medication (HR, 1.37; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.30-1.44). The estimated HRs for common nonpsychotropic medication use following a single anesthetic exposure were 1.06 (95% CI, 1.04-1.07) for amoxicillin, 1.10 (95% CI, 1.08-1.12) for azithromycin, and 1.08 (95% CI, 1.05-1.11) for diphenhydramine. In comparison, the risk of using other psychotropic medication to treat conditions besides ADHD was also significantly higher, with HRs of 1.37 (95% CI, 1.24-1.51) for sedative/anxiolytics, 1.40 (95% CI, 1.25-1.58) for antidepressants, 1.31 (95% CI, 1.20-1.44) for antipsychotics, and 1.24 (95% CI, 1.10-1.40) for mood stabilizers.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Medicaid-enrolled children receiving anesthesia for a single common pediatric surgical procedure under age 5 years were 37% more likely to require subsequent persistent use of ADHD medications than unexposed children. Because the increased use of ADHD medication is disproportionately higher than that of nonpsychotropic medications, unmeasured confounding may not account for all of the increase in ADHD medication use. By evaluating Medicaid data, this study assesses children who may be particularly vulnerable to neurotoxic exposures.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33158697,Montelukast does not increase the risk of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in pediatric asthma patients: A nationwide population-based matched cohort study.,"['Asthma', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Montelukast', 'Nationwide health insurance research database']","['Po-Yu Huang', 'Yao-Hsu Yang', 'Ying-Hua Huang', 'Ho-Chang Kuo', 'Liang-Jen Wang', 'Shao-Ju Chien', 'Ling-Sai Chang']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been linked to pediatric asthma patients treated with montelukast. This study is the first to use a nationwide health insurance research database (NHIRD) to study whether asthmatic children using montelukast are at an increased risk of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We used data from the Taiwan NHIRD, which is a longitudinal database of one million randomly selected subjects. The enrolled patients were followed up until 2013. Patients younger than and equal to 12 years old with new-onset asthma (ICD-9 CM code 493.X) diagnosed between 1997 and 2013 were enrolled. A multivariate Cox regression analysis was conducted to evaluate the association between montelukast treatment and the risk of ADHD (ICD-9-CM code 314.X).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We enrolled a total of 54,487 asthmatic children younger than and equal to 12 years old who had at least one claim of inpatient admission or at least three claims of an ambulatory visit. Montelukast users and match controls were identified by matching age, gender, residence, the comorbidities including allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis, admission or emergency department visits due to asthma attack, and index date of starting montelukast in a 1:1 ratio, with 12,806 in the montelukast group and 12,806 in the non-montelukast group. The montelukast group had a similar risk of ADHD (n\xa0=\xa0632, 4.94%) as the non-montelukast group (n\xa0=\xa0610, 4.76%) [adjusted hazard ratio 1.04; 95% confidence interval, 0.93 to 1.17]. In children treated with montelukast, high cumulative days of montelukast use did not increase the risk of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This nationwide population-based cohort study reveals that asthma children treated with montelukast were not at an increased risk of developing ADHD. Nevertheless, validation of our retrospective survey requires further prospective study.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29923160,Do Working Memory Deficits Underlie Reading Problems in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)?,"['ADHD', 'Bayesian', 'Comprehension', 'Fluency', 'Reading', 'Working Memory']","['Michael J Kofler', 'Jamie A Spiegel', 'Elia F Soto', 'Lauren N Irwin', 'Erica L Wells', 'Kristin E Austin']","[""Reading problems are common in children with ADHD and show strong covariation with these children's underdeveloped working memory abilities. In contrast, working memory training does not appear to improve reading performance for children with ADHD or neurotypical children. The current study bridges the gap between these conflicting findings, and combines dual-task methodology with Bayesian modeling to examine the role of working memory for explaining ADHD-related reading problems. Children ages 8-13 (M\u2009=\u200910.50, SD\u2009=\u20091.59) with and without ADHD (N\u2009=\u200978; 29 girls; 63% Caucasian/Non-Hispanic) completed a counterbalanced series of reading tasks that systematically manipulated concurrent working memory demands. Adding working memory demands produced disproportionate decrements in reading comprehension for children with ADHD (d\u2009=\u2009-0.67) relative to Non-ADHD children (d\u2009=\u2009-0.18); comprehension was significantly reduced in both groups when working memory demands were increased. These effects were robust to controls for foundational reading skills (decoding, sight word vocabulary) and comorbid reading disability. Concurrent working memory demands did not slow reading speed for either group. The ADHD group showed lower comprehension (d\u2009=\u20091.02) and speed (d\u2009=\u20090.69) even before adding working memory demands beyond those inherently required for reading. Exploratory conditional effects analyses indicated that underdeveloped working memory overlapped with 41% (comprehension) and 85% (speed) of these between-group differences. Reading problems in ADHD appear attributable, at least in part, to their underdeveloped working memory abilities. Combined with prior cross-sectional and longitudinal findings, the current experimental evidence positions working memory as a potential causal mechanism that is necessary but not sufficient for effectively understanding written language.""]"32009447,Children With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Are at Increased Risk for Slowed Growth and Short Stature in Early Childhood.,"['ADHD medication', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'body mass index', 'endocrinology', 'growth', 'height', 'short stature', 'weight']","['Ladan Davallow Ghajar', 'Mark Daniel DeBoer']","['Our objective was to evaluate the risk of short stature in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and the effect of ADHD and its treatment on height-for-age <i>z</i> score (HAZ) and body mass index-for-age <i>z</i> score (BMIZ) in early childhood. We evaluated 7603 children from the Early Childhood Longitudinal Study-Kindergarten Cohort 2011 and found that children with ADHD had lower HAZ at second and fourth grades and lower BMIZ at K to fourth grade. Children with ADHD at fourth grade had almost 4 times higher odds of short stature. Children with ADHD at K grew at a slower rate from K to fourth grade (difference in ΔHAZ = 0.23, 95% confidence interval = 0.04-0.42) and had less gain in BMI (difference in ΔBMIZ = 0.16, 95% confidence interval = 0.03-0.29). Longer duration of ADHD medication use was associated with lower HAZ at fourth grade and slower growth from K to fourth grade. These data may assist pediatricians in considering risk of poor growth in children with ADHD.']"30909100,Association between ambient gaseous and particulate air pollutants and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children; a systematic review.,"['Ambient air pollution', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Systematic review']","['Mina Aghaei', 'Hosna Janjani', 'Fatemeh Yousefian', 'Akram Jamal', 'Masud Yunesian']","['ADHD is a common neurodevelopmental disorder highly attributed to genetics, but the combination of other social and environmental determinants, as well as potential gene-environment interactions, can also be responsible. This paper aims to review relevant literature published up to April 2018 for determining whether air pollution caused by ambient gaseous (NO<sub>2</sub>, SO<sub>2</sub>, PCDD/Fs, Benzene) and particulate matters (PM<sub>10</sub>, PM<sub>2.5</sub>, PM<sub>7</sub>, PAH, BC/EC) as an environmental risk factor is associated with increased risk of ADHD in children. Relevant literature was identified through electronic searches of PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Scopus database and gray literature. A total of 872 articles were initially identified 28 of which meeting the defined inclusion criteria were included. The methodological quality of the included articles was evaluated using the modified Critical Appraisal Skills Programs (CASP) and confounding variables, exposure and outcome measurement were assessed. The results of this systematic review revealed that there is more evidence on the detrimental effects of EC, BC, and PM on ADHD compared to PAH. Among gaseous air pollutants, association was found between SO<sub>2</sub> and urinary level of t,t-MA (trans, trans-muconic acid) as a proxy-biomarker of NO<sub>2</sub> exposure, not merely benzene. However few studies related to NO<sub>2</sub> (0.46%) found detrimental effects. Overall, the number of studies reporting an association between air pollution and increased risk of ADHD is relatively higher compared to the number of studies reporting no association. However, the findings of the studies provided limited evidence to support the idea that exposure to air pollution may be linked to increased risk of ADHD. Well-designed and harmonized studies considering standard methods for individual exposure assessment, critical windows of susceptibility, and appropriate tools for outcome measurement, can improve the quality of epidemiological studies and strengthen the evidence. Since ADHD with its long-term consequences can impose large costs to communities and impact the children performance, determination of the risk factors in children and particularly the role of the environment as priorities for research should be considered.']"30536198,Patients in medical treatment for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): Are they at risk in drug screening?,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Drug testing', 'False positive', 'Immunoassay', 'Public health ethics']","['Christina Mohr Jensen', 'Torben Breindahl']","[""The use of medicines to treat attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has increased worldwide, including the use of amphetamine-based medicines or prodrugs that metabolise to amphetamine in vivo. At the same time, drugs-of-abuse testing by non-specific, point-of-care immunoassay methods ('quick tests') has increased. This article discusses the risk of 'false positive' results or post-analytical misinterpretations of results when immunoassays are used to analyse biological samples from ADHD patients. A rapid evidence review was conducted to identify studies that have focused on the risk of 'false positive' test results in immunoassay testing of patients treated with atomoxetine, bupropion, clonidine, guanfacine, methylphenidate, and modafinil. There is only evidence to suggest that bupropion should cause 'false positive' immunoassay results. However, there is a lack of systematic, updated evaluations and validations of cross-reactivity patterns for immunoassays in the literature. Advanced laboratory methods can distinguish the use of medicines from illicit amphetamine by stereospecific analysis of dextro- and levoamphetamine; however, these analytical services are not commonly available for routine drug testing. The present situation calls for more awareness, proper education and information on these critical ethical issues in drug testing, both for clinicians, other healthcare professionals involved in drug testing and for patients in medical treatment for ADHD. The pitfalls of immunoassays due to cross-reactivity and insufficient specificity/sensitivity can have serious negative consequences for patients safety with regard to incorrect laboratory drug-testing results. Consequently, confirmatory laboratory analysis should always be performed for 'presumptive' positive immunoassay screening results.""]"24035255,No association between catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) genotype and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in Japanese children.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT)', 'Japanese population', 'Methylphenidate (MPH)']","['Chiho Yatsuga', 'Daiki Toyohisa', 'Takashi X Fujisawa', 'Shota Nishitani', 'Kazuyuki Shinohara', 'Naomi Matsuura', 'Shinobu Ikeda', 'Masaaki Muramatsu', 'Akinobu Hamada', 'Akemi Tomoda']","[StringElement('This study ascertained the association between attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in Japanese children and a polymorphism of catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT), a dopamine-control gene. The secondary aim of the study was the evaluation of a putative association between methylphenidate (MPH) effect/adverse effects and the COMT genotype.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('To ascertain the distribution of the Val158Met variant of COMT, 50 children meeting ADHD inclusion criteria were compared with 32 healthy children. Clinical improvement and the occurrence of adverse effects were measured before and 3 months after MPH administration in children with ADHD, and analyzed for genotype association. Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children-Third Edition (WISC-III), age, MPH dose were included as co-variables.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The occurrence of the COMT Val/Val genotype was significantly higher in children with ADHD (χ(2)(1)=7.13, p<0.01). However, there was no significant difference in the Val/Val genotype according to disorder, and WISC and ADHD rating scale scores, after correcting for the interaction between disorder and COMT genotype. Furthermore, no significant difference in MPH effect/adverse effects was observed in association with the COMT genotype in the ADHD group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These results showed a lack of association between the COMT Val/Val genotype and ADHD in Japan.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31489861,"Pattern of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder among primary school children in Ile-Ife, South-West, Nigeria.","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Nigeria', 'disruptive behavioral disorder rating scale', 'school children']","['O J Oke', 'S B Oseni', 'E A Adejuyigbe', 'S K Mosaku']","[StringElement(""One of the most common neurodevelopmental problems affecting behavior of children all over the world is attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Studies on ADHD prevalence in Africa used either parents' or teachers' disruptive behavioral disorder rating scale (DBDRS) to diagnose ADHD, but this study diagnose ADHD using both parents and teachers DBDRS simultaneously among primary school pupils in Ile-Ife."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""The study was conducted among 1,385 primary school pupils in Ile-Ife using multistage random sampling. The parents' and teachers' DBDRS were used simultaneously to screen children who had ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'MATERIALS AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Sixty-five (4.7%) of the pupils had ADHD. Among the 65 pupils with ADHD, 28 (43%) had the inattentive subtype, 25 (38.5%) had the combined subtype, whereas 12 (18.5%) had hyperactive/impulsive subtype. The prevalence of ADHD was significantly higher in the younger age group than the older age groups (χ<sup>2</sup> = 7.153, P = 0.007). There was no significant association found between the prevalence of ADHD and the social class (χ<sup>2</sup> = 3.852, P = 0.146).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ADHD prevalence of 4.7% was found among the children in Ile-Ife. Assessment of children for ADHD was done by parents at home and teachers in the school with DBDRS. The inattentive subtype was the most common and the hyperactive subtype was the least seen in the study. Early diagnosis and treatment of this disorder will bring better outcome in the children.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33403915,A Review of the Default Mode Network in Autism Spectrum Disorders and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'ASD', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorders', 'default mode network', 'resting fMRI']","['Amritha Harikumar', 'David W Evans', 'Chase C Dougherty', 'Kimberly L H Carpenter', 'Andrew M Michael']","['Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) has been widely used to examine the relationships between brain function and phenotypic features in neurodevelopmental disorders. Techniques such as resting-state functional connectivity (FC) have enabled the identification of the primary networks of the brain. One fMRI network, in particular, the default mode network (DMN), has been implicated in social-cognitive deficits in autism spectrum disorders (ASD) and attentional deficits in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Given the significant clinical and genetic overlap between ASD and ADHD, surprisingly, no reviews have compared the clinical, developmental, and genetic correlates of DMN in ASD and ADHD and here we address this knowledge gap. We find that, compared with matched controls, ASD studies show a mixed pattern of both stronger and weaker FC in the DMN and ADHD studies mostly show stronger FC. Factors such as age, intelligence quotient, medication status, and heredity affect DMN FC in both ASD and ADHD. We also note that most DMN studies make ASD versus ADHD group comparisons and fail to consider ASD+ADHD comorbidity. We conclude, by identifying areas for improvement and by discussing the importance of using transdiagnostic approaches such as the Research Domain Criteria (RDoC) to fully account for the phenotypic and genotypic heterogeneity and overlap of ASD and ADHD.']"32567214,Does attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder medication reduce entrepreneurship?,"['ADHD', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'entrepreneurship', 'new business', 'stimulant medication']","['Juhana Peltonen', 'Edvard Johansson', 'Joakim Wincent']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a highly inheritable condition with a rather stable prevalence over time and geography, and it is associated with a broad range of negative life outcomes. Increasing knowledge on the condition has led to a growing trend of dampening ADHD symptoms through medication. Although this development has led to many positive outcomes, the broader societal implications are still poorly understood. In particular, person-level studies suggest that ADHD-like behavior may possess some advantages for engaging in entrepreneurship and the initiation of new businesses, which is considered a key activity for economic development. Using recent panel data from 11 countries and one special administrative region (SAR), we investigate if the increasing use of ADHD medication in adults is associated with an unintended outcome of reducing entrepreneurship. We find that a roughly one unit increase in the prevalence of adult ADHD medication is associated with a one unit decrease in limited liability company registrations per working age population. In practical terms, the effect of a one within-country/SAR standard deviation increase of adult ADHD medication prevalence corresponds to a decrease in new business formation of 20% of its mean in the sample.']"32344128,Distinct long non-coding RNA and mRNA expression profiles in the hippocampus of an attention deficit hyperactivity disorder model in spontaneously hypertensive rats and control wistar Kyoto rats.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Hippocampus', 'Long non-coding RNAs', 'NONRATT 0006598.2', 'Spontaneously hypertensive rats', 'Wistar Kyoto rats']","['Sufen Zhang', 'Lianghui You', 'Qu Xu', 'Jiaxin Ou', 'Di Wu', 'Xiaojie Yuan', 'Zhonghui Liu', 'Qin Hong', 'Meiling Tong', 'Lei Yang', 'Xia Chi']","['The incidence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children is increasing. Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) participate in many biological processes involved in the regulation of gene expression. Although numerous lncRNAs have been proven to be crucial in brain development and associated with its degeneration, changes in lncRNA expression profiles during ADHD progression and their possible roles remain unclear. The purpose of this study is to investigate the expression profiles of lncRNAs in hippocampus from an ADHD model in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRs) and in normal control Wistar Kyoto (WKY) rats. We determined the expression profiles of lncRNAs and mRNAs in SHRs and WKY rats using microarray analysis technology. Then, differentially expressed lncRNAs were confirmed by real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). Gene Ontology (GO) and pathway analysis of differentially expressed mRNAs or nearby genes was used to predict the possible functions of the lncRNAs. A gene co-expression network was established to study the relationship between expression of lncRNAs and related mRNAs. A total of 267 differentially expressed lncRNAs (including 144 upregulated and 123 downregulated) and 311 differentially expressed mRNAs were identified in SHRs, compared to those in WKY rats. Subsequently, 15 lncRNAs were selected and confirmed by RT-PCR analysis. GO and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genome (KEGG) pathway analysis showed that the dysregulated lncRNAs are involved in brain developmental processes and neuronal function and maintenance. Co-expression network analysis revealed the close relationship between the differentially expressed lncRNAs and mRNAs. Additionally, co-expression analysis of dysregulated lncRNAs with their downstream genes, which are reported in nervous system and regulation of learning and memory, indicated that lncRNA NONRATT0006598.2 was related to Baiap2 gene, which may participate in ADHD progress. Our findings contribute to understand the importance of lncRNAs and mRNAs in the progression of ADHD, and identify potential therapeutic targets for ADHD treatment.']"29227127,Symptom and performance validity with veterans assessed for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,[],"['Robert D Shura', 'John H Denning', 'Holly M Miskey', 'Jared A Rowland']","['Little is known about attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in veterans. Practice standards recommend the use of both symptom and performance validity measures in any assessment, and there are salient external incentives associated with ADHD evaluation (stimulant medication access and academic accommodations). The purpose of this study was to evaluate symptom and performance validity measures in a clinical sample of veterans presenting for specialty ADHD evaluation. Patients without a history of a neurocognitive disorder and for whom data were available on all measures (n = 114) completed a clinical interview structured on DSM-5 ADHD symptoms, the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory-2-Restructured Form (MMPI-2-RF), and the Test of Memory Malingering Trial 1 (TOMM1) as part of a standardized ADHD diagnostic evaluation. Veterans meeting criteria for ADHD were not more likely to overreport symptoms on the MMPI-2-RF nor to fail TOMM1 (score ≤ 41) compared with those who did not meet criteria. Those who overreported symptoms did not endorse significantly more ADHD symptoms; however, those who failed TOMM1 did report significantly more ADHD symptoms (g = 0.90). In the total sample, 19.3% failed TOMM1, 44.7% overreported on the MMPI-2-RF, and 8.8% produced both an overreported MMPI-2-RF and invalid TOMM1. F-r had the highest correlation to TOMM1 scores (r = -.30). These results underscore the importance of assessing both symptom and performance validity in a clinical ADHD evaluation with veterans. In contrast to certain other conditions (e.g., mild traumatic brain injury), ADHD as a diagnosis is not related to higher rates of invalid report/performance in veterans. (PsycINFO Database Record']"29227125,Utility of the Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scale validity scales in identifying simulated attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and random responding.,[],"['Brittany D Walls', 'Elizabeth R Wallace', 'Stacey L Brothers', 'David T R Berry']","[""Recent concern about malingered self-report of symptoms of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in college students has resulted in an urgent need for scales that can detect feigning of this disorder. The present study provided further validation data for a recently developed validity scale for the Conners' Adult ADHD Rating Scale (CAARS), the CAARS Infrequency Index (CII), as well as for the Inconsistency Index (INC). The sample included 139 undergraduate students: 21 individuals with diagnoses of ADHD, 29 individuals responding honestly, 54 individuals responding randomly (full or half), and 35 individuals instructed to feign. Overall, the INC showed moderate sensitivity to random responding (.44-.63) and fairly high specificity to ADHD (.86-.91). The CII demonstrated modest sensitivity to feigning (.31-.46) and excellent specificity to ADHD (.91-.95). Sequential application of validity scales had correct classification rates of honest (93.1%), ADHD (81.0%), feigning (57.1%), half random (42.3%), and full random (92.9%). The present study suggests that the CII is modestly sensitive (true positive rate) to feigned ADHD symptoms, and highly specific (true negative rate) to ADHD. Additionally, this study highlights the utility of applying the CAARS validity scales in a sequential manner for identifying feigning. (PsycINFO Database Record""]"30953404,The role of glutamate receptors in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: From physiology to disease.,"['animal model', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'glutamate receptors', 'physiological function']","['Xin Huang', 'Min Wang', 'Qi Zhang', 'Xinzhen Chen', 'Jing Wu']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most common psychiatric disorder in children and adolescents, which is characterized by behavioral problems such as attention deficit, hyperactivity, and impulsivity. As the receptors of the major excitatory neurotransmitter in the mammalian central nervous system (CNS), glutamate receptors (GluRs) are strongly linked to normal brain functioning and pathological processes. Extensive investigations have been made about the structure, function, and regulation of GluR family, describing evidences that support the disruption of these mechanisms in mental disorders, including ADHD. In this review, we briefly described the family and function of GluRs in the CNS, and discussed what is recently known about the role of GluRs in ADHD, that including GluR genes, animal models, and the treatment, which would help us further elucidate the etiology of ADHD.']"29575401,Previously undiagnosed attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder associated with poor metabolic control in adolescents with type 1 diabetes.,"['ADHD', 'HbA1c', 'adolescents', 'metabolic control', 'type 1 diabetes mellitus']","['C Nylander', 'K Lindström', 'N Khalifa', 'E Fernell']","[StringElement('Managing modern diabetes treatment requires efficient executive functions. Patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and type 1 diabetes have poor metabolic control and present with ketoacidosis more often than patients without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To assess whether patients with type 1 diabetes and with indications of executive problems met criteria for ADHD, and to investigate whether these patients had difficulties achieving metabolic control.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('In a hospital-based study, including 3 pediatric departments at hospitals in Stockholm and Uppsala, Sweden, questionnaires regarding executive problems had been filled out by 12- to 18-year-old patients with type 1 diabetes and their parents. Out of 166 patients with completed questionnaires, 49 were selected for a clinical study due to reported executive problems/ADHD symptoms. However, 7 already had a diagnosis of ADHD, 21 denied follow-up, 8 did not respond, leaving 13 adolescents for the clinical assessment.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of the clinically assessed adolescents, 9 (6 girls) met criteria for ADHD. Patients who did not respond to the follow-up and patients who were diagnosed with ADHD within the study, showed to a larger extent than the other study groups high HbA1c levels (>70\u2009mmol/mol, 8,6%). HbA1c >70\u2009mmol/mol (8.6%) was associated with diagnosed ADHD (prior to or within the study), odds ratio 2.96 (95% confidence interval 1.02-8.60).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Patients with type 1 diabetes and poor metabolic control should be assessed with regard to ADHD. There is a need for paying special attention to girls with poor metabolic control.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35409742,Relationship between Injuries and Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: A Population-Based Study with Long-Term Follow-Up in Taiwan.,"['attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'children', 'disabilities', 'injuries', 'risk']","['Yo-Ting Jin', 'Miao-Ju Chwo', 'Chin-Mi Chen', 'Shi-Hao Huang', 'Yao-Ching Huang', 'Chi-Hsiang Chung', 'Chien-An Sun', 'I-Long Lin', 'Wu-Chien Chien', 'Gwo-Jang Wu']","[StringElement('To investigate the association between various injuries and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and distinguish ADHD from non-ADHD with regards to risk of various injuries among children in Taiwan.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Using the data from the National Health Insurance Research Database, we selected a total of 1802 subjects under the age of 18 who were diagnosed with ADHD as well as an additional 7208 subjects as a comparison group.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Compared with children who were not diagnosed with ADHD, children diagnosed with ADHD were more likely to intentionally injure themselves. During the school year, ADHD children were injured less frequently than were non-ADHD children on traffic-related incidents. The adjusted hazard ratio of injury for the ADHD children was 2.493 times higher than that of comparison subjects. The ADHD children had a greater length of stay and medical cost when compared to those of the non-ADHD children. Age showed a significant inverse relationship with injury. Among the ADHD children, the injury rate was evidently higher for the low-income group than for the non-low-income group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Age, cause of injuries, low-income household status, and school season all have a significant connection to the risk of injury for ADHD children.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34089460,Combining neuroimaging and behavior to discriminate children with attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder with and without prenatal alcohol exposure.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Diffusion tensor imaging', 'Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder', 'Magnetic resonance spectroscopy', 'White matter']","[""Joseph O'Neill"", ""Mary J O'Connor"", 'Guldamla Kalender', 'Ronald Ly', 'Andrea Ng', 'Andrea Dillon', 'Katherine L Narr', 'Sandra K Loo', 'Jeffry R Alger', 'Jennifer G Levitt']","['In many patients, ostensible idiopathic attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) may actually stem from covert prenatal alcohol exposure (PAE), a treatment-relevant distinction. This study attempted a receiver-operator characteristic (ROC) classification of children with ADHD into those with PAE (ADHD+PAE) and those without (ADHD-PAE) using neurobehavioral instruments alongside magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) and diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) of supraventricular brain white matter. Neurobehavioral, MRS, and DTI endpoints had been suggested by prior findings. Participants included children aged 8-13\xa0years, 23 with ADHD+PAE, 19 with familial ADHD-PAE, and 28 typically developing (TD) controls. With area-under-the-curve (AUC) >0.90, the Conners 3 Parent Rating Scale Inattention (CIn) and Hyperactivity/Impulsivity (CHp) scores and the Behavioral Regulation Index (BRI) of the Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF2) excellently distinguished the clinical groups from TD, but not from each other (AUC\u2009<\u20090.70). Combinations of MRS glutamate (Glu) and N-acetyl-compounds (NAA) and DTI mean diffusivity (MD), axial diffusivity (AD), radial diffusivity (RD), and fractional anisotropy (FA) yielded ""good"" (AUC\u2009>\u20090.80) discrimination. Neuroimaging combined with CIn and BRI achieved AUC 0.72 and AUC 0.84, respectively. But neuroimaging combined with CHp yielded 14 excellent combinations with AUC\u2009≥\u20090.90 (all p\xa0<\u20090.0005), the best being Glu·AD·RD·CHp/(NAA·FA) (AUC 0.92, sensitivity 1.00, specificity 0.82, p\xa0<\u20090.0005). Using Cho in lieu of Glu yielded AUC 0.83. White-matter microstructure and metabolism may assist efforts to discriminate ADHD etiologies and to detect PAE, beyond the ability of commonly used neurobehavioral measures alone.']"31492416,"[Impulsivity and obesity in children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: A clinical, neuropsychological and magnetic resonance spectroscopy exploratory study].","['ADHD', 'Impulsivity', 'Impulsivité', 'Obesity', 'Obésité', 'Overweight', 'Spectroscopie', 'Spectroscopy', 'Surpoids', 'TDAH']","['L Ben Amor', 'J Lachal']","[StringElement('Relationship between Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and obesity in adults and children had previously been established in research studies. Brain imaging studies pointed out the important role of the prefrontal region in both ADHD and obesity. However, the underlying link between ADHD and obesity is not well understood. The hypothesis that impulsivity could play a role has been explored in clinical studies of ADHD and Binge Eating Disorders or Loss of Control Eating, with contradictory results. Our study aims to compare children with ADHD and obesity to children with ADHD and normal weight. We propose to compare these two populations with clinical, neuropsychological and brain spectroscopy investigation, focusing specifically on impulsivity items.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""Ten children presenting overweight or obesity were selected from a larger population of children with ADHD (5-12y) and paired with regard to gender and age with ten children with ADHD and normal weight from the same population. Conners Rating scales version parents (CPRS) and teachers (CTRS), Conners' Continuous Performance Test II (CPT-II), and Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy (MRS) metabolites in five regions of interest (left and right prefrontal, left and right striatal and left cerebellum regions) were measured for all the children. For MRS, ratio to creatinine levels of following metabolites were measured: glycerophosphocholine+phosphocholine/creatinine (GPC+PCh/Cr), glutamate+glutamine (Glu+Gln/Cr), myoinositol (mI/Cr) et N-acétylaspartate+N-acétylaspartylglutamate (NAA+NAAG/Cr)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Hyperactivity/Impusivity and Conners Global Index (CGI) subscales of Conners rating scales showed a higher rate of impulsivity in children with ADHD and obesity as compared to children with ADHD and normal weight. Neuropsychological results were comparable in the two groups. Finally, MRS showed a higher GPC+PCh/Cr ratio in right prefrontal cortex in children with ADHD and obesity as compared to children with ADHD and normal weight.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our results are concordant with the hypothesis that impulsivity could be the link between obesity and ADHD in a population of children with ADHD. The right prefrontal regions seem to be areas of interests that need more research in the study of the link between obesity and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32308185,A pilot study on the association between the blood oxygen level-dependent signal in the reward system and dopamine transporter availability in adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Iowa Gambling Test', 'dopamine', 'fMRI', 'reward system']","['Shih-Hsien Lin', 'Mei Hung Chi', 'I Hui Lee', 'Kao Chin Chen', 'Ying Chun Tai', 'Wei Jen Yao', 'Nan Tsing Chiu', 'Dong-Yu Yang', 'Chun-Yu Lin', 'Po See Chen', 'Yen Kuang Yang']","[StringElement('It is well-known that attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with changes in the dopaminergic system. However, the relationship between central dopaminergic tone and the blood oxygen level-dependent (BOLD) signal during receipt of rewards and penalties in the corticostriatal pathway in adults with ADHD is unclear.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Single-photon emission computed tomography with [99mTC]TRODAT-1 was used to assess striatal dopamine transporter (DAT) availability. Event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging was conducted on subjects performing the Iowa Gambling Test.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('DAT availability was found to be associated with the BOLD response, which was a covariate of monetary loss, in the medial prefrontal cortex (r = 0.55, P = .03), right ventral striatum (r = 0.69, P = .003), and right orbital frontal cortex (r = 0.53, P = .03) in adults with ADHD. However, a similar correlation was not found in the controls.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULT'}), StringElement('The results confirmed that dopaminergic tone may play a different role in the penalty-elicited response of adults with ADHD. It is plausible that a lower neuro-threshold accompanied by insensitivity to punishment could be exacerbated by the hypodopaminergic tone in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31765114,Quantitative tractography reveals changes in the corticospinal tract in drug-naïve children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder,[],"['Xuan Bu', 'Chuang Yang', 'Kaili Liang', 'Qingxia Lin', 'Lu Lu', 'Lianqing Zhang', 'Hailong Li', 'Yingxue Gao', 'Shi Tang', 'Xiaoxiao Hu', 'Yanlin Wang', 'Xinyu Hu', 'Meihao Wang', 'Xiaoqi Huang']","[StringElement('The specific role of the corticospinal tract with respect to inattention and impulsive symptoms in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been explored in the past. However, to our knowledge, no study has identified the exact regions of the corticospinal tract that are affected in ADHD. We aimed to determine comprehensive alterations in the white matter microstructure of the corticospinal tract and underlying neuropsychological substrates in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'Background'}), StringElement('We recruited 38 drug-naïve children with ADHD and 34 typically developing controls. We employed a tract-based quantitative approach to measure diffusion parameters along the trajectory of the corticospinal tract, and we further correlated alterations with attention and response inhibition measures.', attributes={'Label': 'Methods'}), StringElement('Compared with controls, children with ADHD demonstrated significantly lower fractional anisotropy and higher radial diffusivity at the level of cerebral peduncle, and higher fractional anisotropy at the level of the posterior limb of the internal capsule in the right corticospinal tract only. As well, increased fractional anisotropy in the posterior limb of the internal capsule was negatively correlated with continuous performance test attention quotients and positively correlated with reaction time on the Stroop Colour–Word Test; increased radial diffusivity in the right peduncle region was positively correlated with omissions in the Stroop test.', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('The sample size was relatively small. Moreover, we did not consider the different subtypes of ADHD and lacked sufficient power to analyze subgroup differences. Higher-order diffusion modelling is needed in future white matter studies.', attributes={'Label': 'Limitations'}), StringElement('We demonstrated specific changes in the right corticospinal tract in children with ADHD. Correlations with measures of attention and response inhibition underscored the functional importance of corticospinal tract disturbance in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusion'})]"35940828,Is in-utero exposure to cannabis associated with the risk of attention deficit with or without hyperactivity disorder? A cohort study within the Quebec Pregnancy Cohort.,"['child & adolescent psychiatry', 'epidemiology', 'paediatric neurology', 'public health']","['Vanina Tchuente', 'Odile Sheehy', 'Jin-Ping Zhao', 'Jessica Gorgui', 'Yessica-Haydee Gomez', 'Anick Berard']","[StringElement('Prenatal cannabis effect on attention deficit with or without hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) remains to be determined. Our aim is to quantify the impact of in-utero exposure to cannabis on the risk of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'IMPORTANCE AND OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Cohort study.', attributes={'Label': 'DESIGN'}), StringElement('Questionnaires were mailed to women sampled from the Quebec Pregnancy Cohort (QPC). Data from questionnaires were then linked with their QPC (built with administrative health databases, hospital patient charts and birth certificate databases).', attributes={'Label': 'SETTING'}), StringElement(""Respondents who gave birth to a singleton live born between January 1998 and December 2003 and were continuously enrolled in the Régie de l'assurance maladie du Québec (RAMQ) medication insurance plan for at least 12 months before the first day of gestation and during pregnancy."", attributes={'Label': 'PARTICIPANTS'}), StringElement(""In-utero cannabis exposure was based on mothers' answers to the question on cannabis use during pregnancy (yes/no) and categorised as occasionally, regularly exposed and unexposed if they chose one of these categories."", attributes={'Label': 'EXPOSURE'}), StringElement('ADHD was defined by a diagnosis of ADHD through the RAMQ medical services or MedEcho databases or a prescription filled for ADHD medication through RAMQ pharmaceutical services between birth and the end of the follow-up period. Follow-up started at the birth and ended at the index date (first diagnosis or prescription filled for ADHD), child death (censoring), end of public coverage for medications (censoring) or the end of study period, which was December 2015 (censoring), whichever event came first.', attributes={'Label': 'OUTCOMES'}), StringElement('A total of 2408 children met the inclusion criteria. Of these children, 86 (3.6%) were exposed to cannabis in-utero and 241 (10.0%) had an ADHD diagnosis or medication filled. After adjustments for potential confounders, no significant association was found between in-utero cannabis exposure (occasional (1.22 (95% CI 0.63 to 2.19)) or regular (1.22 (95% CI 0.42 to 2.79))) and the risk of ADHD in children.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In-utero exposure to cannabis seemed to not be associated with the risk ADHD in children.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34565590,Bipolar women's antepartum psychotropic exposure and offspring risk of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorder.,"['Bipolar disorder', 'Neurodevelopmental disorders', 'Prenatal exposure delayed effects', 'Psychotropic drugs']","['Ta-Chuan Yeh', 'Ya-Mei Bai', 'Ju-Wei Hsu', 'Kai-Ling Huang', 'Shih-Jen Tsai', 'Hsuan-Te Chu', 'Chih-Sung Liang', 'Mu-Hong Chen']","[StringElement('Women with bipolar disorder (BD) may continue psychotropics during pregnancy. The association of exposure to antidepressant, antipsychotics, and mood stabilizers with offspring risks of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) remains unexplored in mothers with BD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A total of 5669 pregnant women with BD and 5669 psychiatrically healthy controls were identified between 2002 and 2011 from the Taiwan Longitudinal Health Insurance Database. We analyzed the odds ratios (ORs) of psychotropic types and exposure periods (3 months before pregnancy [3MbPreg] and first, second, and third trimesters [T1, T2, T3, respectively]) on the risk of ADHD and ASD by using adjusted logistic regression analyses.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Antidepressant exposure during 3MbPreg (OR=2.15, 95% CI=1.45-3.20), T1 (OR=2.62, 95% CI=1.68-4.09), T2 (OR=2.33, 95% CI=1.18-4.63), and T3 (OR=2.33, 95% CI=1.67-6.61) was associated with increased offspring risk of ADHD, particularly for selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor and serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor. Mood stabilizer exposure during 3MbPreg increased the risks of ADHD (OR=2.39, 95% CI=1.45-3.95) and ASD (OR=3.89, 95% CI=1.30-11.65); a higher ADHD risk was associated with valproic acid (OR=2.43, 95% CI=1.32-4.47) and lamotrigine exposure (OR=8.24, 95% CI\xa0=\xa01.49-45.67); ASD risk was higher for lithium exposure (OR=6.75, 95% CI=1.41-32.28).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In claims-data analyses, several clinical parameters or potential confounders may be incompletely captured.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATION'}), StringElement('Antidepressants were associated with higher offspring risk of ADHD over all gestation periods among mothers with BD than psychiatrically healthy controls, while mood stabilizers were associated with higher risk of ADHD and ASD during 3MbPreg.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"28803577,Auditory brainstem response (ABR) profiling tests as diagnostic support for schizophrenia and adult attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'ERP', 'psychiatric disorders', 'schizophrenia']","['Eva Juselius Baghdassarian', 'Maria Nilsson Markhed', 'Eva Lindström', 'Björn M Nilsson', 'Tommy Lewander']","[StringElement('To evaluate the performances of two auditory brainstem response (ABR) profiling tests as potential biomarkers and diagnostic support for schizophrenia and adult attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), respectively, in an investigator-initiated blinded study design.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Male and female patients with schizophrenia (n=26) and adult ADHD (n=24) meeting Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Fourth Edition (DSM IV) diagnostic criteria and healthy controls (n=58) comprised the analysis set (n=108) of the total number of study participants (n=119). Coded sets of randomized ABR recordings were analysed by an independent party blinded to clinical diagnoses before a joint code-breaking session.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The ABR profiling test for schizophrenia identified schizophrenia patients versus controls with a sensitivity of 84.6% and a specificity of 93.1%. The ADHD test identified patients with adult ADHD versus controls with a sensitivity of 87.5% and a specificity of 91.4%.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The ABR profiling tests discriminated schizophrenia and ADHD versus healthy controls with high sensitivity and specificity. The methods deserve to be further explored in larger clinical studies including a broad range of psychiatric disorders to determine their utility as potential diagnostic biomarkers.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32451437,Genomic analysis of the natural history of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder using Neanderthal and ancient Homo sapiens samples.,[],"['Paula Esteller-Cucala', 'Iago Maceda', 'Anders D Børglum', 'Ditte Demontis', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Bru Cormand', 'Oscar Lao']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is an impairing neurodevelopmental condition highly prevalent in current populations. Several hypotheses have been proposed to explain this paradox, mainly in the context of the Paleolithic versus Neolithic cultural shift but especially within the framework of the mismatch theory. This theory elaborates on how a particular trait once favoured in an ancient environment might become maladaptive upon environmental changes. However, given the lack of genomic data available for ADHD, these theories have not been empirically tested. We took advantage of the largest GWAS meta-analysis available for this disorder consisting of over 20,000 individuals diagnosed with ADHD and 35,000 controls, to assess the evolution of ADHD-associated alleles in European populations using archaic, ancient and modern human samples. We also included Approximate Bayesian computation coupled with deep learning analyses and singleton density scores to detect human adaptation. Our analyses indicate that ADHD-associated alleles are enriched in loss of function\xa0intolerant genes, supporting the role of selective pressures in this early-onset phenotype. Furthermore, we observed that the frequency of variants associated with ADHD has steadily decreased since Paleolithic times, particularly in Paleolithic European populations compared to samples from the Neolithic Fertile Crescent. We demonstrate this trend cannot be explained by African admixture nor Neanderthal introgression, since introgressed Neanderthal alleles are enriched in ADHD risk variants. All analyses performed support the presence of long-standing selective pressures acting against ADHD-associated alleles until recent times. Overall, our results are compatible with the mismatch theory for ADHD but suggest a much older time frame for the evolution of ADHD-associated alleles compared to previous hypotheses.']"32031873,Levels of Proneness to Boredom in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder On and Off Methylphenidate Treatment.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'boredom proneness', 'children and adolescents', 'methylphenidate']","['Pavel Golubchik', 'Iris Manor', 'Gal Shoval', 'Abraham Weizman']","['<b><i>Objective:</i></b> To evaluate the relationship between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) severity and propensity for boredom in children with ADHD, both on and off methylphenidate (MPH). <b><i>Methods:</i></b> A group of children and adolescents with ADHD (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u200930), aged 7-18 years, were assessed using the Parent-Reported-ADHD Rating Scale-5 (PR-ADHD-RS-5) and Short Boredom Proneness Scale (SBPS), at baseline, after 3 months of MPH treatment, and again after 3 weeks of MPH treatment discontinuation. <b><i>Results:</i></b> Significant correlation was found at baseline between PR-ADHD-RS-5 and SBPS scores [<i>n</i>\u2009=\u200930, <i>r</i>\u2009=\u20090.40 (95% confidence interval {CI}\u2009=\u20090.048-0.67), <i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.027]. Both ADHD and boredom levels decreased significantly after 3 months of MPH treatment. Significant correlation was found between the reductions in PR-ADHD-RS-5 and SBPS scores at this time [<i>n</i>\u2009=\u200930, <i>r</i>\u2009=\u20090.39 (95% CI\u2009=\u20090.035-0.66), <i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.045]. MPH discontinuation for 3 weeks resulted in mild but statistically significant increases in ADHD and SBPS levels. No significant correlation was detected between the changes in PR-ADHD-RS-5 and SBPS scores after 3 weeks of MPH discontinuation. <b><i>Conclusions:</i></b> Three months of MPH treatment resulted in parallel improvement in ADHD severity and in the level of proneness to boredom (PtB), whereas discontinuation of MPH administration is associated with increases in the two parameters, causing them to approach pretreatment levels. Clinicians and parents should be aware of the possibility of increased PtB in children with ADHD who discontinue MPH treatment. Structured daily activity and continuation of MPH treatment may preserve the beneficial effects of MPH on academic and leisure activities and may prevent aggravation of subjective boredom sensations that could lead to risky sensation-seeking behaviors and overuse of electronic devices.']"28580295,Regional brain network organization distinguishes the combined and inattentive subtypes of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['ACC, anterior cingulate cortex', 'ADHD', 'ADHD, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder', 'ADHD-C, combined presentation', 'ADHD-HI, predominantly hyperactive-impulsive', 'ADHD-I, predominantly inattentive presentation', 'ADHD-RS-IV, Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Rating Scale', ""CPRS-LV, Conners' Parent Rating Scale–Revised: Long Version"", 'Combined type', 'DICA, Diagnostic Interview for Children and Adolescents', 'DMN, default mode network', 'DSM-V, Diagnostic Manual of Statistical Disorders fifth edition', 'GM, gray matter', 'Graph theory', 'MINI Kid, Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview', 'MPH, methylphenidate', 'Predominantly inattentive type', 'Structural connectome', 'Volume', 'iSPOT-A, international study to predict optimized treatment in ADHD']","['Jacqueline F Saad', 'Kristi R Griffiths', 'Michael R Kohn', 'Simon Clarke', 'Leanne M Williams', 'Mayuresh S Korgaonkar']","['Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is characterized clinically by hyperactive/impulsive and/or inattentive symptoms which determine diagnostic subtypes as Predominantly Hyperactive-Impulsive (ADHD-HI), Predominantly Inattentive (ADHD-I), and Combined (ADHD-C). Neuroanatomically though we do not yet know if these clinical subtypes reflect distinct aberrations in underlying brain organization. We imaged 34 ADHD participants defined using DSM-IV criteria as ADHD-I (<i>n</i>\xa0=\xa016) or as ADHD-C (<i>n</i>\xa0=\xa018) and 28 matched typically developing controls, aged 8-17\xa0years, using high-resolution T1 MRI. To quantify neuroanatomical organization we used graph theoretical analysis to assess properties of structural covariance between ADHD subtypes and controls (global network measures: path length, clustering coefficient, and regional network measures: nodal degree). As a context for interpreting network organization differences, we also quantified gray matter volume using voxel-based morphometry. Each ADHD subtype was distinguished by a different organizational profile of the degree to which specific regions were anatomically connected with other regions (i.e., in ""nodal degree""). For ADHD-I (compared to both ADHD-C and controls) the nodal degree was higher in the hippocampus. ADHD-I also had a higher nodal degree in the supramarginal gyrus, calcarine sulcus, and superior occipital cortex compared to ADHD-C and in the amygdala compared to controls. By contrast, the nodal degree was higher in the cerebellum for ADHD-C compared to ADHD-I and in the anterior cingulate, middle frontal gyrus and putamen compared to controls. ADHD-C also had reduced nodal degree in the rolandic operculum and middle temporal pole compared to controls. These regional profiles were observed in the context of no differences in gray matter volume or global network organization. Our results suggest that the clinical distinction between the Inattentive and Combined subtypes of ADHD may also be reflected in distinct aberrations in underlying brain organization.']"28721740,Clinical features and subjective/physiological responses to emotional stimuli in the presence of emotion dysregulation in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'International Affective Picture System', 'autonomic reactivity', 'dysregulation profile', 'emotion regulation']","['Candan Taskiran', 'Serkan Karaismailoglu', 'Halime Tuna Cak Esen', 'Zeynep Tuzun', 'Aysen Erdem', 'Zeynep Dicle Balkanci', 'Anil Barak Dolgun', 'Sadriye Ebru Cengel Kultur']","[StringElement('Emotion dysregulation (ED) has long been recognized in clinical descriptions of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but a renewed interest in ED has advanced research on the overlap between the two entities. Autonomic reactivity (AR) is a neurobiological correlate of emotion regulation; however, the association between ADHD and AR remains unclear. Our aim was to explore the clinical differences, AR, and subjective emotional responses to visual emotional stimuli in ADHD children with and without ED.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement(""School-aged ADHD children with (n\xa0=\xa028) and without (n\xa0=\xa020) ED, according to the definition of deficiency in emotional self-regulation (DESR), and healthy controls (n\xa0=\xa022) were interviewed by using the Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School Aged Children-Present and Lifetime version (K-SADS-PL) to screen frequent psychopathologies for these ages. All subjects were evaluated with Child Behavior Checklist 6-18 (CBCL), the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ), the McMaster Family Assessment Device (FAD), the School-Age Temperament Inventory (SATI), and Conners' Parent Rating Scale (CPRS-48), which were completed by parents. To evaluate emotional responses, the International Affective Picture System (IAPS) and the subjective and physiological responses (electrodermal activity and heart rate reactivity) to selected pictures were examined."", attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Regarding clinically distinctive features, the ADHD+ED group differed from the ADHD-ED and the control groups in terms of having higher temperamental negative reactivity, more oppositional/conduct problems, and lower prosocial behaviors. In the AR measures, children in the ADHD+ED group rated unpleasant stimuli as more negative, but they still had lower heart rate reactivity (HRR) than the ADHD-ED and control groups; moreover, unlike the two other groups, the ADHD+ED group showed no differences in HRR between different emotional stimuli.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The presented findings are unique in terms of their ability to clinically and physiologically differentiate between ADHD children with and without ED.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33084259,New-generation antiepileptic drugs during pregnancy and the risk of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: A scoping review.,"['adverse effects', 'antiepileptic drugs', 'attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'epilepsy', 'maternal exposure', 'scoping review']","['Christine Vaccaro', 'Ahmad Shakeri', 'Emily Czaplinski', 'Sherif Eltonsy']","['The use of maternal antiepileptic drug (AED) during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of cognitive adverse effects among the offspring. As new-generation AEDs continue to enter the market, evidence on their safety during pregnancy is limited yet necessary. To date, there are no published reviews summarizing the evidence of new-generation AED exposure in utero and the development of attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in the offspring. The objective of this scoping review is to summarize the available evidence on the risk of ADHD after maternal exposure to new-generation AEDs during pregnancy. We searched EMBASE and MEDLINE for articles published from January 1988 to April 2020. New-generation AEDs were considered if marketed after 1988. ADHD was defined as attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, hyperkinetic disorder, hyperkinesis, or conduct disorder. Of the total articles screened (n = 805), eight publications were finally included (seven cohort studies and one systematic review). Across the studies, the sample size of pregnant women exposed to AEDs ranged from 1 to 1383. Monotherapy was examined in six studies (mostly lamotrigine), while only two studies examined polytherapy. The included studies reported a range of adjusted relative risks, from 0.84 [0.59-1.19] to 1.63 [0.41-6.06]. Lamotrigine monotherapy holds the largest body of evidence, concluding that no significant risk of ADHD exists among the offspring. However, the available evidence is considered scarce and has several methodological limitations. Disentangling the effect of AEDs from epilepsy itself and examining polytherapies are challenges that merit additional investigations. Further comparative safety studies with longer follow-up periods and large sample sizes are needed to accurately quantify the true impact of new-generation AED exposure during pregnancy and ADHD in children.']"32564016,Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Increases Nicotine Addiction Severity in Adults Seeking Treatment for Substance Use Disorders: The Role of Personality Disorders.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Cigarette smoking', 'Nicotine addiction', 'Personality disorders', 'Substance use']","['Natalie C Sánchez-García', 'Rafael A González', 'Josep A Ramos-Quiroga', 'Wim van den Brink', 'Mathias Luderer', 'Matthijs Blankers', 'Lara Grau-Lopez', 'Frances R Levin', 'Sharlene Kaye', 'Zsolt Demetrovics', 'Geurt van de Glind', 'Arnt Schellekens', 'María C Vélez-Pastrana']","[StringElement('To examine the role of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and impulsive personality disorders in nicotine addiction severity among treatment-seeking substance use disorder (SUD) patients.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('In a cross-sectional study, we examined data from the second International ADHD in Substance Use Disorders Prevalence Study (IASP-2) on 402 adults in SUD treatment from Puerto Rico, Hungary, and Australia using diagnostic interviews for ADHD, antisocial (ASP) and borderline (BPD) personality disorders, and the self-report Fagerström Test of Nicotine Dependence (FTND). We compared SUD patients with and without ADHD on nicotine addiction severity. We tested direct and indirect pathways from ADHD to nicotine addiction and mediation through ASP and BPD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Overall, 81.4% of SUD patients reported current cigarette smoking. SUD patients with ADHD had higher FTND scores and smoked more cigarettes than those without ADHD, with an earlier onset and more years of smoking. ASP mediated the effect of ADHD on all aspects of nicotine addiction severity, whereas BPD did so only on some aspects of nicotine addiction severity.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('SUD patients with comorbid ADHD show more severe nicotine addiction than those without, which is largely explained by comorbid impulsive personality disorders. In SUD patients, it is important to screen for adult ADHD and other psychiatric disorders, especially those with impulse control deficits such as ASP and BPD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"27031593,Gambling behaviors and psychopathology related to Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in problem and non-problem adult gamblers.,"['Addiction', 'Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Pathological gambling', 'Personality traits', 'Problem gambling', 'Psychiatric Comorbidity', 'Psychopathology']","['Melina Fatseas', 'Jean-Marc Alexandre', 'Jean-Luc Vénisse', 'Lucia Romo', 'Marc Valleur', 'David Magalon', 'Isabelle Chéreau-Boudet', 'Amandine Luquiens', 'Alice Guilleux', 'Gaëlle Challet-Bouju', 'Marie Grall-Bronnec']","['Previous studies showed that Pathological Gambling and Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) often co-occur. The aim of this study was to examine whether ADHD is associated with specific severity patterns in terms of gambling behavior, psychopathology and personality traits. 599 problem and non-problem-gamblers were recruited in addiction clinics and gambling places in France. Subjects were assessed with the Wender-Utah Rating Scale-Child, the Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale, the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview, the Temperament and Character Inventory, the South Oaks Gambling Screen and questionnaires assessing gambling related cognitive distortions and gambling habits. 20.7% (n=124) of gamblers were screened positive for lifetime or current ADHD. Results from the multivariate analysis showed that ADHD was associated with a higher severity of gambling-related problems and with more psychiatric comorbidity. Among problem gamblers, subjects with history of ADHD were also at higher risk for unemployment, psychiatric comorbidity and specific dysfunctional personality traits. This study supports the link between gambling related problems and ADHD in a large sample of problem and non-problem gamblers, including problem-gamblers not seeking treatment. This points out the necessity to consider this disorder in the prevention and in the treatment of pathological gambling.']"35139813,Transdiagnostic symptom subtypes across autism spectrum disorders and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: validated by measures of neurocognition and structural connectivity.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism Spectrum disorder', 'Diffusion tensor imaging', 'Neurocognition', 'Transdiagnostic']","['Manxue Zhang', 'Yan Huang', 'Jian Jiao', 'Danfeng Yuan', 'Xiao Hu', 'Pingyuan Yang', 'Rui Zhang', 'Liangjian Wen', 'Mingjing Situ', 'Jia Cai', 'Xueli Sun', 'Kuifang Guo', 'Xia Huang', 'Yi Huang']","[StringElement('Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are neurodevelopmental disorders that exhibit within-disorder heterogeneity and cross-disorder phenotypic overlap, thus suggesting that the current disease categories may not fully represent the etiologic essence of the disorders, especially for highly comorbid neurodevelopmental disorders. In this study, we explored the subtypes of a combined sample of ASD and ADHD by integrating measurements of behavior, cognition and brain imaging.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUNDS'}), StringElement('A total of 164 participants, including 65 with ASD, 47 with ADHD, and 52 controls, were recruited. Unsupervised machine learning with an agglomerative hierarchical clustering algorithm was used to identify transdiagnostic symptom clusters. Neurocognition and brain structural connectivity measurements were used to assess symptom clusters. Mediation analysis was used to explore the relationship between transdiagnostic symptoms, neurocognition and brain structural connectivity.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We identified three symptom clusters that did not fall within the diagnostic boundaries of DSM. External measurements from neurocognition and neuroimaging domains supported distinct profiles, including fine motor function, verbal fluency, and structural connectivity in the corpus callosum between these symptom clusters, highlighting possible biomarkers for ASD and ADHD. Additionally, fine motor function was shown to mediate the relationship between the corpus callosum and perseveration symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In this transdiagnostic study on ASD and ADHD, we identified three subtypes showing meaningful associations between symptoms, neurocognition and brain white matter structural connectivity. The fine motor function and structural connectivity of corpus callosum might be used as biomarkers for neurodevelopmental disorders with social skill symptoms. The results of this study highlighted the importance of precise phenotyping and further supported the effects of fine motor intervention on ASD and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32806941,A community survey of adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and their experience of medication effectiveness.,"['adult ADHD', 'function', 'medication', 'psychostimulant']","['Adrian Sandhu', 'Joy Toll', 'Alison Poulton']","[StringElement(""Survey of ADHD-affected adult participants attending educational meetings of 'ADDults with ADHD', to ascertain age of diagnosis and treatment effects of psychostimulant medication on symptoms across functional and emotional domains."", attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('From 2016 to 2019, self-assessments of functional impairment were collected from ADHD-affected adults attending educational meetings of an Australian community support organisation (ADDults with ADHD). Participants were asked to rate their functioning on and off medication. Some demographic and treatment details were also collected.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Questionnaires were collected from 117 attendees of five meetings. Their mean age was 42.5 (SD 15.0) years; their age of diagnosis and of starting treatment were 31.9 (SD 16.6) and 32.8 (SD 16.4) years, respectively, with no significant differences between men and women. Most (93%) reported symptom onset before age 18. Ninety (77%) had been treated medically, with self-ratings indicating significantly less impairment on treatment (<i>p</i> < 0.001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Adults with ADHD reported substantial impairment but significant benefit from medication. Despite a mean age of over 30 at diagnosis, most recalled being symptomatic in childhood. This suggests many may experience a prolonged period of impaired function before starting treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33235528,Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in Patients with and without Head Trauma.,"['ADHD', 'adults', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'head trauma', 'traumatic brain injury']","['Shahrokh Amiri', 'Elham Esmaeili', 'Firooz Salehpour', 'Farhad Mirzaei', 'Habibeh Barzegar', 'Aysan Mohammad Namdar', 'Homayoun Sadeghi-Bazargani']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults is one of the psychological problems that can increase the risk of accidents and trauma, especially head trauma. Recent studies have reported the frequency of adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among trauma patients. Adult AD0HD has been reported in trauma patients. In the present study, we hypothesized that adult ADHD was more common among head trauma patients following an accident compared to a group without trauma.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('In this case-control study, 230 patients with head injuries and 460 non-trauma patients were selected. The adult Connors self-report screening scale (CAARS-SV) was used to screen for ADHD. Three subscales as subscale A (attention deficit index), subscale B (hyperactivity index) and subscale D (ADHD index) were evaluated between the two groups. Using linear multiple regression analysis, the effect of group, age, gender, and socioeconomic variables on ADHD scores was evaluated.', attributes={'Label': 'MATERIALS AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The total frequency of adult ADHD was 9.5%, which was equal to 1.6% in the trauma group and 9.5% in the non-trauma group. The experimental group had more drivers as the job (11.7% vs 3.7%, <i>P</i><0.001) compared to the control group. Of the Connors subscales, only the D subscale was significantly lower in the case group than in the control group (6.35 6 5.11 vs 51.72 4 72.4, <i>P</i>=0.003). The prevalence of ADHD in patients with head trauma and non-trauma head injury was 6.1% and 5.9%, respectively, which did not show a statistically significant difference (<i>P</i>=0.9). Linear regression analysis showed that the subscale D only had a significant relationship with group and age. However, by entering variables in logistic regression analysis, it was observed that only the age variable was significant in the presence of other variables.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('According to the results of the present study, the frequency of adult ADHD in trauma patients, as a screening diagnosis, was not found to be higher than non-traumatic patients.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33932495,An Individual Participant Data Meta-analysis: Behavioral Treatments for Children and Adolescents With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'behavioral interventions', 'individual participant data meta-analyses', 'moderator analyses']","['Annabeth P Groenman', 'Rianne Hornstra', 'Pieter J Hoekstra', 'Laura Steenhuis', 'Asma Aghebati', 'Bianca E Boyer', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Andrea Chronis-Tuscano', 'David Daley', 'Parisa Dehkordian', 'Melissa Dvorsky', 'Nike Franke', 'George J DuPaul', 'Naama Gershy', 'Elizabeth Harvey', 'Timo Hennig', 'Sharonne Herbert', 'Joshua Langberg', 'Jennifer A Mautone', 'Amori Yee Mikami', 'Linda J Pfiffner', 'Thomas J Power', 'Sijmen A Reijneveld', 'Satyam Antonio Schramm', 'Julie B Schweitzer', 'Margaret H Sibley', 'Edmund Sonuga-Barke', 'Catharine Thompson', 'Margaret Thompson', 'Carolyn Webster-Stratton', 'Yuhuan Xie', 'Marjolein Luman', 'Saskia van der Oord', 'Barbara J van den Hoofdakker']","[StringElement('Behavioral interventions are well established treatments for children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, insight into moderators of treatment outcome is limited.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We conducted an individual participant data meta-analysis (IPDMA), including data of randomized controlled behavioral intervention trials for individuals with ADHD <18 years of age. Outcomes were symptoms of ADHD, oppositional defiant disorder (ODD), and conduct disorder (CD) and impairment. Moderators investigated were symptoms and impairment severity, medication use, age, IQ, sex, socioeconomic status, and single parenthood.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('For raters most proximal to treatment, small- to medium-sized effects of behavioral interventions were found for symptoms of ADHD, inattention, hyperactivity/impulsivity (HI), ODD and CD, and impairment. Blinded outcomes were available only for small preschool subsamples and limited measures. CD symptoms and/or diagnosis moderated outcome on ADHD, HI, ODD, and CD symptoms. Single parenthood moderated ODD outcome, and ADHD severity moderated impairment outcome. Higher baseline CD or ADHD symptoms, a CD diagnosis, and single parenthood were related to worsening of symptoms in the untreated but not in the treated group, indicating a protective rather than an ameliorative effect of behavioral interventions for these children.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Behavioral treatments are effective for reducing ADHD symptoms, behavioral problems, and impairment as reported by raters most proximal to treatment. Those who have severe CD or ADHD symptoms, a CD diagnosis, or are single parents should be prioritized for treatment, as they may evidence worsening of symptoms in the absence of intervention.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"30945912,Do children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have set shifting deficits?,[],"['Lauren N Irwin', 'Michael J Kofler', 'Elia F Soto', 'Nicole B Groves']","[StringElement('Set shifting, or cognitive flexibility, is a core executive function involving the ability to quickly and efficiently shift back and forth between mental sets. Meta-analysis suggests medium-magnitude shifting impairments in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, this conclusion may be premature because the evidence-base relies exclusively on tasks that have been criticized for poor construct validity and may better reflect general neuropsychological functioning rather than shifting specifically.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A well-characterized sample of 77 children ages 8-13 (M = 10.46, SD = 1.54; 32 girls; 66% Caucasian/non-Hispanic) with ADHD (n = 43) and without ADHD (n = 34) completed the criterion global-local set shifting task and 2 counterbalanced control tasks that were identical in all aspects except the key processes.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The experimental manipulation was successful at evoking set shifting demands during the global-local versus both nonshift control tasks (p < .001; ω2 = .12-.14). Mixed-model analyses of variance (ANOVAs) revealed that the ADHD group did not demonstrate disproportional decrements in speed shift costs on the shifting versus nonshift control tasks (p = .30; ω2 = .002), suggesting no evidence of impaired set shifting abilities in ADHD. In contrast, the ADHD group made disproportionately more shifting errors than the non-ADHD group (p = .03; ω2 = 0.03) that were more parsimoniously attributable to prerequisite (nonshifting) processes necessary for successful performance on the global-local task.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""Children with ADHD's impaired performance on shifting tasks may be attributable to difficulties maintaining competing rule sets and/or inhibiting currently active rule sets prior to shifting. However, when these higher-order processes are executed successfully, there is no significant evidence to suggest a unique set shifting deficit in ADHD. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2019 APA, all rights reserved)."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31400309,Intrinsic functional connectivity in social anxiety disorder with and without comorbid attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Default mode network', 'Functional connectivity', 'Functional magnetic resonance imaging', 'Salience network', 'Social Phobia']","['Ceylan Ergül', 'Cigdem Ulasoglu-Yildiz', 'Elif Kurt', 'Ahmet Koyuncu', 'Ani Kicik', 'Tamer Demiralp', 'Raşit Tükel']","['Neuroimaging research about social anxiety disorder (SAD) points to hyperactivity in the fear circuit and altered connectivity between the fear circuit and the intrinsic connectivity networks that modulate it. We investigated intrinsic functional connectivity changes in SAD patients by taking into consideration the commonly overlooked comorbidity of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). We compared intrinsic functional connectivity alterations in 16 patients with pure SAD, 18 patients with SAD and comorbid ADHD and 21 healthy controls using seed-to-voxel functional connectivity analyses. Hypoconnectivity of the right fusiform gyrus with the left lingual gyrus was the unique difference between whole SAD group and healthy controls, while in the pure SAD group the fusiform gyrus displayed hypoconnectivity with the posterior default mode network (DMN) regions. In contrast, ADHD comorbidity was associated with hyperconnectivities of the salience network (SN) with the fusiform cortex and the posterior DMN regions, and hyperconnectivities of the posterior DMN with visual, somatosensory and motor cortices. The dichotomic dissociation of the SAD related functional connectivity changes into hypoconnectivities in the pure SAD group vs hyperconnectivities in the SAD-ADHD group leads also to the question, whether ADHD treatment can be considered an alternative for selected SAD cases.']"33029947,Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms and dietary habits in adulthood: A large population-based twin study in Sweden.,"['ADHD', 'adults', 'dietary habits', 'genetic correlation', 'phenotypic correlation', 'twin study']","['Lin Li', 'Mark J Taylor', 'Katarina Bälter', 'Ralf Kuja-Halkola', 'Qi Chen', 'Tor-Arne Hegvik', 'Ashley E Tate', 'Zheng Chang', 'Alejandro Arias-Vásquez', 'Catharina A Hartman', 'Henrik Larsson']","['Associations between adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms and dietary habits have not been well established and the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. We explored these associations using a Swedish population-based twin study with 17,999 individuals aged 20-47\u2009years. We estimated correlations between inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity with dietary habits and fitted twin models to determine the genetic and environmental contributions. Dietary habits were defined as (a) consumption of food groups, (b) consumption of food items rich in particular macronutrients, and (c) healthy and unhealthy dietary patterns. At the phenotypic level, inattention was positively correlated with seafood, high-fat, high-sugar, high-protein food consumptions, and unhealthy dietary pattern, with correlation coefficients ranging from 0.03 (95%CI: 0.01, 0.05) to 0.13 (95% CI: 0.11, 0.15). Inattention was negatively correlated with fruits, vegetables consumptions and healthy dietary pattern, with correlation coefficients ranging from -0.06 (95%CI: -0.08, -0.04) to -0.07 (95%CI: -0.09, -0.05). Hyperactivity/impulsivity and dietary habits showed similar but weaker patterns compared to inattention. All associations remained stable across age, sex and socioeconomic status. Nonshared environmental effects contributed substantially to the correlations of inattention (56-60%) and hyperactivity/impulsivity (63-80%) with dietary habits. The highest and lowest genetic correlations were between inattention and high-sugar food (r<sub>A</sub> = .16, 95% CI: 0.07, 0.25), and between hyperactivity/impulsivity and unhealthy dietary pattern (r<sub>A</sub> = .05, 95% CI: -0.05, 0.14), respectively. We found phenotypic and etiological overlap between ADHD and dietary habits, although these associations were weak. Our findings contribute to a better understanding of common etiological pathways between ADHD symptoms and various dietary habits.']"29040873,Hazard perception skills of young drivers with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) can be improved with computer based driver training: An exploratory randomised controlled trial.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Driving', 'Hazard perception', 'Traffic hazard']","['C R Bruce', 'C A Unsworth', 'M P Dillon', 'R Tay', 'T Falkmer', 'P Bird', 'L M Carey']","[StringElement('Young drivers with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) are at higher risk of road traffic injuries than their peers. Increased risk correlates with poor hazard perception skill. Few studies have investigated hazard perception training using computer technology with this group of drivers.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('*Determine the presence and magnitude of the between-group and within- subject change in hazard perception skills in young drivers with ADHD who receive Drive Smart training. *Determine whether training-facilitated change in hazard perception is maintained over time.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""This was a feasibility study, randomised control trial conducted in Australia. The design included a delayed treatment for the control group. Twenty-five drivers with a diagnosis of ADHD were randomised to the Immediate Intervention or Delayed Intervention group.The Immediate Intervention group received a training session using a computer application entitled Drive Smart. The Delayed Intervention group watched a documentary video initially (control condition), followed by the Drive Smart computer training session. The participant's hazard perception skill was measured using the Hazard Perception Test (HPT)."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('After adjusting for baseline scores, there was a significant betweengroup difference in post-intervention HPT change scores in favour of the Immediate Intervention group. The magnitude of the effect was large. There was no significant within-group delayed intervention effect. A significant maintenance effect was found at 6-week follow-up for the Immediate Intervention group.', attributes={'Label': 'FINDINGS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The hazard perception skills of participants improved following training with large effect size and some maintenance of gain. A multimodal approach to training is indicated to facilitate maintenance. A full-scale trial is feasible.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34251435,Association of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Diagnoses With Pediatric Traumatic Brain Injury: A Meta-analysis.,[],"['Robert F Asarnow', 'Nina Newman', 'Robert E Weiss', 'Erica Su']","[StringElement('There are conflicting accounts about the risk for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) following traumatic brain injury (TBI), possibly owing to variations between studies in acute TBI severity or when ADHD was assessed postinjury. Analysis of these variations may aid in identifying the risk.', attributes={'Label': 'Importance'}), StringElement('To conduct a meta-analysis of studies assessing ADHD diagnoses in children between ages 4 and 18 years following concussions and mild, moderate, or severe TBI.', attributes={'Label': 'Objective'}), StringElement('PubMed, PsycInfo, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (1981-December 19, 2019) were searched including the terms traumatic brain injury, brain injuries, closed head injury, blunt head trauma, concussion, attention deficit disorders, ADHD, and ADD in combination with childhood, adolescence, pediatric, infant, child, young adult, or teen.', attributes={'Label': 'Data Sources'}), StringElement('Limited to English-language publications in peer-reviewed journals and patient age (4-18 years). Differences about inclusion were resolved through consensus of 3 authors.', attributes={'Label': 'Study Selection'}), StringElement('MOOSE guidelines for abstracting and assessing data quality and validity were used. Odds ratios with 95% credible intervals (CrIs) are reported.', attributes={'Label': 'Data Extraction and Synthesis'}), StringElement('The planned study outcome was rate of ADHD diagnoses.', attributes={'Label': 'Main Outcomes and Measures'}), StringElement('A total of 12\u202f374 unique patients with TBI of all severity levels and 43\u202f491 unique controls were included in the 24 studies in this review (predominantly male: TBI, 61.8%; noninjury control, 60.9%; other injury control, 66.1%). The rate of pre-TBI ADHD diagnoses was 16.0% (95% CrI, 11.3%-21.7%), which was significantly greater than the 10.8% (95% CrI, 10.2%-11.4%) incidence of ADHD in the general pediatric population. Compared with children without injuries, the odds for ADHD were not significantly increased following concussion (≤1 year: OR, 0.32; 95% CrI, 0.05-1.13), mild TBI (≤1 year: OR, 0.56; 0.16-1.43; >1 year: OR, 1.07; 95% CrI, 0.35-2.48), and moderate TBI (≤1 year: OR, 1.28; 95% CrI, 0.35-3.34; >1 year: OR, 3.67; 95% CrI, 0.83-10.56). The odds for ADHD also were not significantly increased compared with children with other injuries following mild TBI (≤1 year: OR, 1.07; 95% CrI, 0.33-2.47; >1 year: OR, 1.18; 95% CrI, 0.32-3.12) and moderate TBI (≤1 year: OR, 2.34; 95% CrI, 0.78-5.47; >1 year: OR, 3.78; 95% CrI, 0.93-10.33). In contrast, the odds for ADHD following severe TBI were increased at both time points following TBI compared with children with other injuries (≤1 year: OR, 4.81; 95% CrI, 1.66-11.03; >1 year: OR, 6.70; 95% CrI, 2.02-16.82) and noninjured controls (≤1 year: OR, 2.62; 95% CrI, 0.76-6.64; >1 year: OR, 6.25; 95% CrI, 2.06-15.06), as well as those with mild TBI (≤1 year OR, 5.69; 1.46-15.67: >1 year OR, 6.65; 2.14-16.44). Of 5920 children with severe TBI, 35.5% (95% CrI, 20.6%-53.2%) had ADHD more than 1 year postinjury.', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('This study noted a significant association between TBI severity and ADHD diagnosis. In children with severe but not mild and moderate TBI, there was an association with an increase in risk for ADHD. The high rate of preinjury ADHD in children with TBI suggests that clinicians should carefully review functioning before a TBI before initiating treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions and Relevance'})]"30267955,Attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder in adult bipolar disorder patients.,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder', 'Bipolar disorder']","['Marco Pinna', 'Caterina Visioli', 'Carlo Mario Rago', 'Mirko Manchia', 'Leonardo Tondo', 'Ross J Baldessarini']","[StringElement('It has long been recognized that bipolar disorder (BD) and attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) co-occur in an uncertain proportion of patients, recognized commonly in juvenile years. There is growing suspicion that such co-occurrence is associated with several clinically unfavorable characteristics. Accordingly, we compared 703 type I or II BD subjects with vs. without a lifetime diagnosis of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We compared 173 BD patients with vs. 530 without co-occurring ADHD for selected demographic and clinical factors, using standard initial bivariate comparisons followed by multivariable logistic regression modeling.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD was found in 25% of BD subjects, more among men and with type I BD. Those with ADHD had higher scores at the Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS), were more likely to have had less successful school performance, unemployment, lower socioeconomic status, less marriage and more divorce, as well as more substance abuse, suicide attempts, and [hypo]mania, but were less likely to have an anxiety disorder or a family history of mood disorder. Multivariable logistic regression modeling found six factors differing between BD subjects with versus without ADHD: less education after high school, higher ASRS score for inattention, ever separated or divorced, irritable temperament, male sex, and lower scores on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) at intake.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Co-occurrence of ADHD with BD was identified at a moderate rate, and was associated with several unfavorable outcomes as well as a tendency toward [hypo]mania.', attributes={'Label': 'COMMENTS'})]"34171826,Cortical gyrification in children with attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder and prenatal alcohol exposure.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Facial dysmorphology', 'Fetal alcohol spectrum disorders', 'Gyrification', 'Magnetic resonance imaging', 'Prenatal alcohol exposure']","['Lisa A Kilpatrick', 'Shantanu H Joshi', ""Joseph O'Neill"", 'Guldamla Kalender', 'Andrea Dillon', 'Karin M Best', 'Katherine L Narr', 'Jeffry R Alger', 'Jennifer G Levitt', ""Mary J O'Connor""]","[StringElement('An improved understanding of the neurodevelopmental differences between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder with and without prenatal alcohol exposure (ADHD + PAE and ADHD-PAE, respectively) is needed. Herein, we evaluated gyrification (cortical folding) in children with ADHD + PAE compared to that in children with familial ADHD-PAE and typically developing (TD) children.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('ADHD + PAE (n = 37), ADHD-PAE (n = 25), and TD children (n = 27), aged 8-13 years, were compared on facial morphological, neurobehavioral, and neuroimaging assessments. Local gyrification index (LGI) maps were compared between groups using general linear modelling. Relationships between LGI and clincobehavioral parameters in children with ADHD ± PAE were evaluated using multivariate partial least squares.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD + PAE and ADHD-PAE groups showed significantly lower LGI (relative to TD) in numerous regions, overlapping in medial prefrontal, parietal, and temporo-occipital cortices (p < 0.001). However, LGI in left mid-dorsolateral prefrontal cortex was uniquely lower in the ADHD + PAE group (p < 0.001). Partial least squares analysis identified one significant latent variable (accounting for 59.3 % of the crossblock correlation, p < 0.001), reflecting a significant relationship between a profile of lower LGI in prefrontal (including left mid-dorsolateral), insular, cingulate, temporal, and parietal cortices and a clinicobehavioral profile of PAE, including a flat philtrum and upper vermillion border, lower IQ, poorer behavioral regulation scores, and greater hyperactivity/impulsivity.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Children with ADHD + PAE uniquely demonstrate lower mid-dorsolateral LGI, with widespread lower LGI related to more severe facial dysmorphia and neurobehavioral impairments. These findings add insight into the brain bases of PAE symptoms, potentially informing more targeted ADHD treatments based on an objective differential diagnosis of ADHD + PAE vs. ADHD-PAE.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35227462,Altered Periodic Dynamics in the Default Mode Network in Autism and Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism', 'Default mode network', 'Dynamical systems', 'Recurrence quantification analysis', 'Resting-state connectivity']","['Paul Curtin', 'Janina Neufeld', 'Austen Curtin', 'Manish Arora', 'Sven Bölte']","[StringElement('Altered resting-state functional connectivity in the default mode network (DMN) is characteristic of both autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Standard analytical pipelines for resting-state functional connectivity focus on linear correlations in activation time courses between neural networks or regions of interest. These features may be insensitive to temporally lagged or nonlinear relationships.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('In a twin cohort study comprising 292 children, including 52 with a diagnosis of ASD and 70 with a diagnosis of ADHD, we applied nonlinear analytical methods to characterize periodic dynamics in the DMN. Using recurrence quantification analysis and related methods, we measured the prevalence, duration, and complexity of periodic processes within and between DMN regions of interest. We constructed generalized estimating equations to compare these features between neurotypical children and children with ASD and/or ADHD while controlling for familial relationships, and we leveraged machine learning algorithms to construct models predictive of ASD or ADHD diagnosis.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In within-pair analyses of twins with discordant ASD diagnoses, we found that DMN signal dynamics were significantly different in dizygotic twins but not in monozygotic twins. Considering our full sample, we found that these patterns allowed a robust predictive classification of both ASD (81.0% accuracy; area under the curve\xa0= 0.85) and ADHD (82% accuracy; area under the curve\xa0= 0.87) cases.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These findings indicate that synchronized periodicity among regions comprising the DMN relates both to neurotypical function and to ASD and/or ADHD, and they suggest generally that a dynamical analysis of network interconnectivity may be a useful methodology for future neuroimaging studies.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"26318976,"Validation of DSM-5 age-of-onset criterion of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults: Comparison of life quality, functional impairment, and family function.","['Adult', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'DSM-5', 'Function', 'Mediator', 'Quality of life']","['Yu-Ju Lin', 'Kuan-Wu Lo', 'Li-Kuang Yang', 'Susan Shur-Fen Gau']","['The newly published Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition (DSM-5) elevates the threshold of the ADHD age-of-onset criterion from 7 to 12 years. This study evaluated the quality of life and functional impairment of adults with ADHD who had symptoms onset by or after 7 years and examined the mediation effect of family function and anxiety/depression symptoms between ADHD diagnosis and quality of life and functional impairment. We assessed 189 adults with ADHD and 153 non-ADHD controls by psychiatric interview and self-administered reports on the Adult ADHD Quality of Life Scale, Weiss Functional Impairment Rating Scale, Family APGAR, and Adult Self Report Inventory-4. The ADHD group was divided into early-onset ADHD (onset <7 years, n=147) and late-onset ADHD (onset between 7 and 12 years, n=42). The mediation analysis was conducted to verify the mediating factors from ADHD to functional impairment and quality of life. The late-onset ADHD had more severe functional impairment at work and poorer family support than early-onset ADHD while they had comparable impairment at other domains. Less perceived family support and current anxiety/depressive symptoms partially mediated the link between ADHD diagnosis and quality of life/functional impairment both in early- and late-onset ADHD. Our data support decreased quality of life and increased functional impairment in adult ADHD, regardless of age of onset, and these adverse outcomes may be mediated by family support and anxiety/depression at adulthood. Our findings also imply that the new DSM-5 ADHD criteria do not over-include individuals without impairment. ']"29963709,"Early developmental pathways to childhood symptoms of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, anxiety and autism spectrum disorder.","['Autism spectrum disorder', 'anxiety', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'comorbidity', 'early developmental pathways']","['Elizabeth Shephard', 'Rachael Bedford', 'Bosiljka Milosavljevic', 'Teodora Gliga', 'Emily J H Jones', 'Andrew Pickles', 'Mark H Johnson', 'Tony Charman']","[StringElement('Children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) often have co-occurring symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and/or anxiety. It is unclear whether these disorders arise from shared or distinct developmental pathways. We explored this question by testing the specificity of early-life (infant and toddler) predictors of mid-childhood ADHD and anxiety symptoms compared to ASD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Infants (n\xa0=\xa0104) at high and low familial risk for ASD took part in research assessments at 7, 14, 24 and 38\xa0months, and 7\xa0years of age. Symptoms of ASD, ADHD and anxiety were measured by parent report at age 7. Activity levels and inhibitory control, also measured by parent report, in infancy and toddlerhood were used as early-life predictors of ADHD symptoms. Fearfulness and shyness measured in infancy and toddlerhood were used as early-life predictors of anxiety symptoms. Correlations and path analysis models tested associations between early-life predictors and mid-childhood ADHD and anxiety symptoms compared to mid-childhood ASD symptoms, and the influence of controlling for ASD symptoms on those associations.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Increased activity levels and poor inhibitory control were correlated with ADHD symptoms and not ASD or anxiety; these associations were unchanged in path models controlling for risk-group and ASD symptoms. Increased fearfulness and shyness were correlated with anxiety symptoms, but also ASD symptoms. When controlling for risk-group in path analysis, the association between shyness and anxiety became nonsignificant, and when further controlling for ASD symptoms the association between fearfulness and anxiety became marginal.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The specificity of early-life predictors to ADHD symptoms suggests early developmental pathways to ADHD might be distinct from ASD. The overlap in early-life predictors of anxiety and ASD suggests that these disorders are difficult to differentiate early in life, which could reflect the presence of common developmental pathways or convergence in early behavioural manifestations of these disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32517384,"Acute Physical Activity, Executive Function, and Attention Performance in Children with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Typically Developing Children: An Experimental Study.","['ADHD', 'attention', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'executive function', 'physical activity', 'typically developing children']","['Martina Miklós', 'Dániel Komáromy', 'Judit Futó', 'Judit Balázs']","[""A growing number of studies support the theory that physical activity can effectively foster the cognitive function of children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The present study examines the effect of acute moderate physical activity on the executive functions and attention performance of (1) typically developing children (without psychological, psychiatric or neurological diagnosis and/or associated treatment stated in their medical history); (2) treatment-naïve ADHD children; and (3) medicated children with ADHD. In the current study, a total sample of 150 (50 non-medicated, 50 medicated, and 50 typically developing) children between the ages of 6 and 12 took part in the experiment. The Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview for Children and Adolescents (MINI Kid) was used to measure ADHD and the child version of the Test of Attentional Performance (KiTAP) was applied to evaluate the children's attentional and executive function performance before and after two types of intervention. In order to compare the effects of physical activity and control intervention, half of the children from each group (25 participants) took part in a 20-min long, moderately intense physical activity session on the 60-80% of their maximum heart rate, while watching a cartoon video. In the control condition, the other half of the children (25 participants) from each group watched the same cartoon video for 20 min while seated. Physical activity (compared to the just video watching control condition) had a significantly positive influence on 2 out of 15 measured parameters (median reaction time in the alertness task and error rates in the divided attention task) for the medicated group and on 2 out of the 15 measured variables (number of total errors and errors when distractor was presented, both in the distractibility task) regarding the treatment-naïve group. Future studies should focus on finding the optimal type, intensity, and duration of physical activity that could be a potential complementary intervention in treating deficits regarding ADHD in children.""]"34850003,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Obesity: A National Study of 1.1 Million Israeli Adolescents.,"['ADHD', 'adolescents', 'obesity']","['Orit Pinhas-Hamiel', 'Aya Bardugo', 'Brian Reichman', 'Estela Derazne', 'Zohar Landau', 'Itay Tokatly Latzer', 'Liat Lerner-Geva', 'Jacob Rotschield', 'Dorit Tzur', 'Danny Ben-Zvi', 'Arnon Afek', 'Gilad Twig']","[StringElement('The incidences of obesity and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have increased in parallel over recent decades. We assessed the association between obesity and ADHD in a national sample of adolescents.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE'}), StringElement('In a nationwide population-based study of 1 118 315 adolescents (57% males; mean age 17 years), risks of obesity were compared between individuals with severe and mild ADHD and those without ADHD. Diagnoses of ADHD were confirmed by specialists in either neurology or psychiatry. Adolescents requiring regular and continuous treatment with stimulants with no improvement of symptoms under treatment were classified as having severe ADHD; data were available from 2004 to 2019. During 2015 to 2019, the diagnosis of ADHD was defined, and 65 118 (16.76%) of 388 543 adolescents with mild symptoms who required medications only for learning or who used stimulants irregularly were defined as having mild ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('The prevalence of severe and mild ADHD was 0.3% and 20.1%, respectively. Obesity was more prevalent among adolescents with severe ADHD than among those without ADHD (13.5% vs 7.5%). In the mild ADHD group 12.6% of males and 8.4% of females were diagnosed with obesity compared to 9.7% and 6.4%, respectively, in the non-ADHD group. The adjusted odds of severe ADHD for males and females with obesity were 1.77 (1.56-2.02) and 2.09 (1.63-2.66) times the odds for males and females with low-normal body mass index, respectively, and 1.42 (1.37-1.48) and 1.42 (1.34-1.50) for males and females with mild ADHD, respectively. The elevated risk persisted in several sensitivity analyses.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Both adolescents with severe and mild ADHD are at increased risk for obesity.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33515870,Digital health interventions (DHI) for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children - a comparative review of literature among various treatment and DHI.,"['ADHD: Mental health', 'Digital therapy']","['Gautam Sd Balasubramania Pandian', 'Ankit Jain', 'Qasim Raza', 'Kamal Kant Sahu']","['The objective of this study is to compare game-based digital therapeutic device and other DHI like (smartphone apps, wearable technologies) for ADHD with the current pharmacological and behavior therapy. The FDA has approved a game-based digital therapeutic device - EndeavorRx, for the treatment of ADHD in pediatric patients belonging to the age group of 8-12 years old. This has been primarily recommended for the treatment of inattentive or combined-type ADHD who have demonstrated an attention issue. This is the first game-based therapeutic device to be approved by the FDA for any type of condition. According to the FDA, this has been shown to improve attention which is measured by computer-based testing. Objective: The objective of this study is to compare a game-based digital therapeutic device and other DHI (smartphone apps, wearable technologies) with the current pharmacological and behavior therapy used in the treatment of ADHD.']"29703226,Individualised short-term therapy for adolescents impaired by attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder despite previous routine care treatment (ESCAadol)-Study protocol of a randomised controlled trial within the consortium ESCAlife.,"['ADHD', 'Adolescents', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Behaviour therapy', 'Individualised modular treatment programme', 'RCT', 'Telephone-assisted self-help']","['Julia Geissler', 'Thomas Jans', 'Tobias Banaschewski', 'Katja Becker', 'Tobias Renner', 'Daniel Brandeis', 'Manfred Döpfner', 'Christina Dose', 'Christopher Hautmann', 'Martin Holtmann', 'Carolin Jenkner', 'Sabina Millenet', 'Marcel Romanos']","[StringElement('Despite the high persistence rate of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) throughout the lifespan, there is a considerable gap in knowledge regarding effective treatment strategies for adolescents with ADHD. This group in particular often shows substantial psychosocial impairment, low compliance and insufficient response to psychopharmacological interventions. Effective and feasible treatments should further consider the developmental shift in ADHD symptoms, comorbidity and psychosocial adversity as well as family dysfunction. Thus, individualised interventions for adolescent ADHD should comprise a multimodal treatment strategy. The randomised controlled ESCAadol study addresses the needs of this patient group and compares the outcome of short-term cognitive behavioural therapy with parent-based telephone-assisted self-help.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('In step 1, 160 adolescents aged 12 to 17\xa0years with a diagnosis of ADHD will undergo a treatment as usual (TAU) observation phase of 1\xa0month. In step 2, those still severely affected are randomised to the intervention group with an Individualised Modular Treatment Programme (IMTP) or a telephone-assisted self-help programme for parents (TASH) as an active control condition. The IMTP was specifically designed for the needs of adolescent ADHD. It comprises 10 sessions of individual cognitive behavioural therapy with the adolescents and/or the parents, for which participants choose three out of 10 available focus modules (e.g. organisational skills and planning, emotion regulation, problem solving and stress management, dysfunctional family communication). TASH combines a bibliotherapeutic component with 10 counselling sessions for the parents via telephone. Primary outcome is the change in ADHD symptoms in a clinician-rated diagnostic interview. Outcomes are assessed at inclusion into the study, after the TAU phase, after the intervention phase and after a further 12-week follow-up period. The primary statistical analysis will be by intention-to-treat, using linear regression models. Additionally, we will analyse psychometric and biological predictors and moderators of treatment response.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS/DESIGN', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ESCAadol compares two short-term non-pharmacological interventions as cost-efficient and feasible treatment options for adolescent ADHD, addressing the specific needs and obstacles to treatment success in this group. We aim to contribute to personalised medicine for adolescent ADHD intended to be implemented in routine clinical care.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('German Clinical Trials Register (DRKS), Current Controlled Trial DRKS00008974, http://apps.who.int/trialsearch/Trial2.aspx?TrialID=DRKS00008974 ; http://www.drks.de/drks_web/navigate.do?navigationId=trial.HTML&TRIAL_ID=DRKS00008974 ; Registered on 28 December 2015.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"32166943,"Stereoacuity, Fusional Vergence Amplitudes, and Refractive Errors Prior to Treatment in Patients with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder","['Attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder', 'fusional vergence', 'stereoacuity']","['Irmak Karaca', 'Elif Demirkılınç Biler', 'Melis Palamar', 'Burcu Özbaran', 'Önder Üretmen']","[StringElement('To evaluate stereoacuity, fusional vergence amplitudes, and refractive errors in patients with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'Objectives'}), StringElement('Twenty-three patients who were newly diagnosed as having ADHD and had not started medication, and 48 children without ADHD were included. Retrospective data analysis of comprehensive eye examination, stereoacuity, and fusional vergence amplitudes of the patients were performed.', attributes={'Label': 'Materials and Methods'}), StringElement('The mean age at ADHD diagnosis was 10.68±2.34 (7-16) years in the ADHD group (14 male, 9 female) and 12.23±2.16 (7-15) years in the control group (25 male, 23 female) patients (p=0.605). The mean stereoacuity was 142.14±152.65 (15-480) sec/arc in patients with ADHD and 46.3±44.11 (15-240) sec/arc in the control group (p<0.001). For ADHD patients, the mean convergence and divergence amplitudes at distance were 19.87±8.40 (6 to 38) prism diopter (PD) and -9.09±-4.34 (-4 to -25) PD, and 37.30±12.81 (14 to 70) PD and -13.13±-3.45 (-4 to -20) PD at near, respectively. The mean cycloplegic spherical equivalent was 1.06±1.13 (-1 to 4.63) diopter in ADHD patients, with 6 patients having significant refractive errors (hyperopia in 4 patients, astigmatism in 2 patients). There were no significant differences between groups in terms of spherical equivalents (p=0.358) or convergence and divergence amplitudes at distance (p=0.289 and p=0.492, respectively) or near (p=0.452 and p=0.127, respectively).', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('Fusional vergence amplitudes did not present significant difference, while the mean value of stereoacuity was significantly lower in newly diagnosed ADHD patients prior to treatment.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusion'})]"32762393,A Systematic Review and Comparison of Neurocognitive Features of Late-Life Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Dementia With Lewy Bodies.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'cognition', 'dementia with Lewy bodies', 'neuropsychology']","['Jennifer L Prentice', 'Morgan J Schaeffer', 'Alexandra K Wall', 'Brandy L Callahan']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adulthood and dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) share many cognitive and noncognitive similarities. The overlapping features between both disorders complicate differential diagnosis. The aim of the current systematic review was to compare patterns of neuropsychological profiles in older adults with ADHD and DLB.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Of the 1989 ADHD-related articles and 1332 DLB-related articles screened, 3 ADHD and 25 DLB articles were retained for qualitative synthesis and review.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('A synthesis of individual study findings revealed isolated working memory deficits for late-life ADHD, and performance deficits in areas of attention, memory, language, and visuoperceptual abilities for DLB. Results were limited by small samples and absence of data in some cognitive domains.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These initial findings support potentially unique neurocognitive profiles for ADHD in later life and DLB that would enable practitioners to differentially diagnose and appropriately treat older adults presenting with these phenotypically similar disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"29801184,[The Prevalence of Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Among Adolescents in Stationary Rehabilitation].,[],"['Olaf Ballaschke', 'Sebastian Langer', 'Lukas Forschner']","[StringElement('ADHD in adulthood is assumed to be a positive predictor for many comorbid diseases and impairments affecting all domains of life, particularly career performance. Participation in social and professional life is limited for populations which qualify for rehabilitation programs, and thus the prevalence of ADHD is presumably also higher in these populations.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To estimate the prevalence of ADHD in a population undergoing rehabilitation, 1010 people aged 18 to 75 years were screened for the presence of ADHD in adulthood. Additional impairments were measured and compared to a group of non ADHD participants.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('As expected a higher prevalence of ADHD was found in the population undergoing rehabilitation than in the general population (10.5%) Participants with ADHD who had recently begun rehabilitation seemed to have more impairments than non ADHD-participants. Participants with ADHD who were near the end of rehabilitation were more severely impaired in their capacity to reintegrate into their previous occupation, but not for the general employment market.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Adult ADHD should be more closely investigated, especially in rehabilitation programs. Affected clients not only had more severe impairments, but more often had a profession that did not fit their capability.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"36096483,Persistent Deficits in Self-Regulation as a Mediator between Childhood Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms and Substance Use Disorders.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'attention regulation', 'behavioral disinhibition', 'developmental trajectories', 'self-regulation', 'substance use disorders']","['Marco Cavicchioli', 'Anna Ogliari', 'Mariagrazia Movalli', 'Cesare Maffei']","[StringElement('The link between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and substance use disorders (SUDs) has been largely demonstrated. Some scholars have hypothesized that self-regulation mechanisms might play a key role in explaining this association. <i>Objective(s):</i> The current study tested the hypothesis that retrospective childhood ADHD symptoms might lead to more severe SUDs and this association should be mediated by current self-ratings of behavioral disinhibition, inattention, and emotional dysregulation among 204 treatment-seeking adults (male: 67.3%; female: 32.7%) with a primary diagnosis of alcohol use disorder and other SUDs. <i>Methods:</i> The mediational model was estimated through self-report measures of childhood ADHD symptoms (independent variable; WURS), current self-regulation mechanisms (mediators)-behavioral disinhibition (BIS-11 motor subscale), difficulties with attention regulation (MAAS) and emotion regulation (DERS)-and severity of SUDs (dependent variable; SPQ alcohol, illicit and prescribed drugs). <i>Results:</i> The analysis showed that alterations in the self-regulation system fully mediated the association between the severity of childhood ADHD symptoms and SUDs in adulthood. Behavioral disinhibition and difficulties in attention regulation were the most representative alterations in self-regulation processes that explained this association. <i>Conclusions:</i> These findings suggest it is useful to implement several therapeutic approaches (e.g. behavioral, mindfulness-based, and pharmacological) to increase the self-regulation abilities of children and adolescents with ADHD in order to reduce the probability of SUD onset in adulthood. However, future longitudinal neuroimaging and neuropsychological studies are needed to further support the role of self-regulation mechanisms in explaining the prospective association between childhood ADHD symptoms and SUDs in adulthood.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"33085721,Pharmacologic treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in adults: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.,[],"['Jesse Elliott', 'Amy Johnston', 'Don Husereau', 'Shannon E Kelly', 'Caroline Eagles', 'Alice Charach', 'Shu-Ching Hsieh', 'Zemin Bai', 'Alomgir Hossain', 'Becky Skidmore', 'Eva Tsakonas', 'Dagmara Chojecki', 'Muhammad Mamdani', 'George A Wells']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) affects approximately 3% of adults globally. Many pharmacologic treatments options exist, yet the comparative benefits and harms of individual treatments are largely unknown. We performed a systematic review and network meta-analysis to assess the relative effects of individual pharmacologic treatments for adults with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""We searched English-language published and grey literature sources for randomized clinical trials (RCTs) involving pharmacologic treatment of ADHD in adults (December 2018). The primary outcome was clinical response; secondary outcomes were quality of life, executive function, driving behaviour, withdrawals due to adverse events, treatment discontinuation, serious adverse events, hospitalization, cardiovascular adverse events, and emergency department visits. Data were pooled via pair-wise meta-analyses and Bayesian network meta-analyses. Risk of bias was assessed by use of Cochrane's Risk of Bias tool, and the certainty of the evidence was assessed by use of the GRADE framework."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Eighty-one unique trials that reported at least one outcome of interest were included, most of which were at high or unclear risk of at least one important source of bias. Notably, only 5 RCTs were deemed at overall low risk of bias. Included pharmacotherapies were methylphenidate, atomoxetine, dexamfetamine, lisdexamfetamine, guanfacine, bupropion, mixed amphetamine salts, and modafinil. As a class, ADHD pharmacotherapy improved patient- and clinician-reported clinical response compared with placebo (range: 4 to 15 RCTs per outcome); however, these findings were not conserved when the analyses were restricted to studies at low risk of bias, and the certainty of the finding is very low. There were few differences among individual medications, although atomoxetine was associated with improved patient-reported clinical response and quality of life compared with placebo. There was no significant difference in the risk of serious adverse events or treatment discontinuation between ADHD pharmacotherapies and placebo; however, the proportion of participants who withdrew due to adverse events was significantly higher among participants who received any ADHD pharmacotherapy. Few RCTs reported on the occurrence of adverse events over a long treatment duration.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Overall, despite a class effect of improving clinical response relative to placebo, there were few differences among the individual ADHD pharmacotherapies, and most studies were at risk of at least one important source of bias. Furthermore, the certainty of the evidence was very low to low for all outcomes, and there was limited reporting of long-term adverse events. As such, the choice between ADHD pharmacotherapies may depend on individual patient considerations, and future studies should assess the long-term effects of individual pharmacotherapies on patient-important outcomes, including quality of life, in robust blinded RCTs.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('PROSPERO no. CRD 42015026049.', attributes={'Label': 'REGISTRATION'})]"32972212,"Inhibition in developmental disorders: A comparison of inhibition profiles between children with autism spectrum disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, and comorbid symptom presentation.","['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'cognition (attention, learning, memory)', 'executive function', 'inhibition', 'interventions—psychosocial/behavioral', 'psychological theories of autism']","['Amanda Cremone-Caira', 'Katherine Trier', 'Victoria Sanchez', 'Brooke Kohn', 'Rachel Gilbert', 'Susan Faja']","[StringElement('Many children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) also have symptoms of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Children with ASD and ADHD often experience difficulties with inhibition. This study had the goal of understanding inhibition in children with ASD, ADHD, ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD, and children who are typically developing (TD) using tasks that measured several aspects of inhibition. Results indicate that children with ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD had greater difficulty inhibiting behavioral responses than TD children. Children with ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD also differed from children with ASD and with ADHD in their inhibition of distracting information and strategic slowing of response speed. The four groups did not differ in their avoidance of potential losses. Children with ASD\u2009+\u2009ADHD exhibit a unique profile of inhibition challenges suggesting they may benefit from targeted intervention matched to their abilities.', attributes={'Label': 'LAY ABSTRACT'})]"34929707,Dental Caries in Children with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Meta-Analysis.,"['Attention deficit with hyperactivity disorder', 'Dental caries', 'Meta-analysis', 'Systematic review']","['Victor Zanetti Drumond', 'Gabriela Luíza Nunes Souza', 'Mateus José de Carvalho Pereira', 'Ricardo Alves Mesquita', 'Maryam Amin', 'Lucas Guimarães Abreu']","[StringElement('The aim of the study was to evaluate whether children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are more affected by dental caries than children without ADHD by means of a systematic review and meta-analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('Electronic searches were performed in 4 databases (PubMed, Embase, Scopus, and Web of Science) in July 2021. Grey literature search in OpenGrey, a search in Google Scholar, and searches in the reference list of included articles were also conducted. The eligibility criteria were observational studies in which children with ADHD were compared with children without ADHD with respect to the dental caries. Study selection, data extraction, and risk of bias assessment, applying the Joanna Briggs tool were performed by 2 reviewers independently. Meta-analysis and assessment of heterogeneity among studies were conducted with the meta-package of RStudio using the R programming language (R Core Team, Vienna, Austria). Results of meta-analysis were provided in mean difference (MD), odds ratio (OR), and confidence intervals (CIs). For assessment of heterogeneity, Baujat plot and influence analysis plot were obtained.', attributes={'Label': 'DESIGN'}), StringElement('Thirteen studies were included and 10 were incorporated into meta-analyses. The meta-analysis showed that children with ADHD had a higher decayed, missing, and filled teeth (DMFT) index than their peers without ADHD (I2 = 42%; MD = 0.75 [0.38-1.13]). For decayed, missing, and filled surfaces (I2 = 0; MD = 0.39 [-0.02 to 0.80]) and decayed surfaces (ds) (I2 = 0%; MD = 0.35 [-0.63 to 1.33]), no difference between groups was observed. In addition, children with ADHD had higher odds of having dental caries than their healthy peers (OR = 3.31 [1.25, 8.73]; I2 = 0%). After assessment of heterogeneity among studies, sensitivity analysis was conducted for DMFT. One study was removed and the significant difference between groups remained. Children with ADHD had a significantly higher DMFT index than their peers without ADHD (MD = 0.98 [CI = 0.75, 1.20]; I2 = 0%) Risk of bias ranged from low to high.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The main shortcoming of the included studies is the high risk of bias regarding the strategies to deal with confounding factors. Within its limitations, this systematic review and meta-analysis demonstrated that children with ADHD were more likely to develop dental caries than their healthy counterparts.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'}), StringElement('No funding.', attributes={'Label': 'FUNDING'}), StringElement('CRD42021238923.', attributes={'Label': 'REGISTRATION'})]"30430896,Serum Interleukin-6 Level in Children With Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'IL-6', 'Inflammation', 'cytokines', 'immune']","['Amira Hamed Darwish', 'Tarek Mohamed Elgohary', 'Nahla A Nosair']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common neurobehavioral disorder in children, but its specific etiology and pathophysiology are still incompletely understood.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('This case-control study aimed to measure the level of serum interleukin-6 (IL-6) as a predictor of the immunologic status in children with ADHD, and to study its correlation with severity of symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('60 ADHD children who met the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition, criteria for ADHD and 60 control children were subjected to complete history taking, clinical examination, and psychometric tests. Serum interleukin-6 of ADHD patients and control children was measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.', attributes={'Label': 'SUBJECTS AND METHODS'}), StringElement(""The mean serum level of IL-6 was 22.35 (95% confidence interval [CI], 17.68-26.99) in ADHD patients, and it was 5.44 (95% CI, 4.81-6.06) in controls. A significantly higher level of IL-6 was reported in ADHD patients compared with controls ( P = .001). No significant correlation was found between serum IL-6 level and either the Intelligence Quotient (IQ) or the Conners' Parent Rating Scale score."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Serum IL-6 values were significantly higher in ADHD patients compared to healthy control children. Increased production of IL-6 may play a role in the pathogenesis of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"31570648,"Clinical Practice Guideline for the Diagnosis, Evaluation, and Treatment of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Children and Adolescents.",[],"['Mark L Wolraich', 'Joseph F Hagan', 'Carla Allan', 'Eugenia Chan', 'Dale Davison', 'Marian Earls', 'Steven W Evans', 'Susan K Flinn', 'Tanya Froehlich', 'Jennifer Frost', 'Joseph R Holbrook', 'Christoph Ulrich Lehmann', 'Herschel Robert Lessin', 'Kymika Okechukwu', 'Karen L Pierce', 'Jonathan D Winner', 'William Zurhellen']","[""Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is 1 of the most common neurobehavioral disorders of childhood and can profoundly affect children's academic achievement, well-being, and social interactions. The American Academy of Pediatrics first published clinical recommendations for evaluation and diagnosis of pediatric ADHD in 2000; recommendations for treatment followed in 2001. The guidelines were revised in 2011 and published with an accompanying process of care algorithm (PoCA) providing discrete and manageable steps by which clinicians could fulfill the clinical guideline's recommendations. Since the release of the 2011 guideline, the <i>Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders</i> has been revised to the fifth edition, and new ADHD-related research has been published. These publications do not support dramatic changes to the previous recommendations. Therefore, only incremental updates have been made in this guideline revision, including the addition of a key action statement related to diagnosis and treatment of comorbid conditions in children and adolescents with ADHD. The accompanying process of care algorithm has also been updated to assist in implementing the guideline recommendations. Throughout the process of revising the guideline and algorithm, numerous systemic barriers were identified that restrict and/or hamper pediatric clinicians' ability to adopt their recommendations. Therefore, the subcommittee created a companion article (available in the Supplemental Information) on systemic barriers to the care of children and adolescents with ADHD, which identifies the major systemic-level barriers and presents recommendations to address those barriers; in this article, we support the recommendations of the clinical practice guideline and accompanying process of care algorithm.""]"27148788,Sluggish cognitive tempo and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) inattention in the home and school contexts: Parent and teacher invariance and cross-setting validity.,[],"['G Leonard Burns', 'Stephen P Becker', 'Mateu Servera', 'Maria Del Mar Bernad', 'Gloria García-Banda']","[""This study examined whether sluggish cognitive tempo (SCT) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) inattention (IN) symptoms demonstrated cross-setting invariance and unique associations with symptom and impairment dimensions across settings (i.e., home SCT and ADHD-IN uniquely predicting school symptom and impairment dimensions, and vice versa). Mothers, fathers, primary teachers, and secondary teachers rated SCT, ADHD-IN, ADHD-hyperactivity/impulsivity (HI), oppositional defiant disorder (ODD), anxiety, depression, academic impairment, social impairment, and peer rejection dimensions for 585 Spanish 3rd-grade children (53% boys). Within-setting (i.e., mothers, fathers; primary, secondary teachers) and cross-settings (i.e., home, school) invariance was found for both SCT and ADHD-IN. From home to school, higher levels of home SCT predicted lower levels of school ADHD-HI and higher levels of school academic impairment after controlling for home ADHD-IN, whereas higher levels of home ADHD-IN predicted higher levels of school ADHD-HI, ODD, anxiety, depression, academic impairment, and peer rejection after controlling for home SCT. From school to home, higher levels of school SCT predicted lower levels of home ADHD-HI and ODD and higher levels of home anxiety, depression, academic impairment, and social impairment after controlling for school ADHD-IN, whereas higher levels of school ADHD-IN predicted higher levels of home ADHD-HI, ODD, and academic impairment after controlling for school SCT. Although SCT at home and school was able to uniquely predict symptom and impairment dimensions in the other setting, SCT at school was a better predictor than ADHD-IN at school of psychopathology and impairment at home. Findings provide additional support for SCT's validity relative to ADHD-IN. (PsycINFO Database Record""]"30653855,Atomoxetine for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in children and adolescents with autism: A systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['atomoxetine', 'attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autism', 'meta-analysis', 'pervasive developmental disorder']","['Suravi Patra', 'Naresh Nebhinani', 'Anand Viswanathan', 'Richard Kirubakaran']","['Atomoxetine is prescribed to children with autism spectrum disorder having symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. We sought to examine the efficacy and safety of atomoxetine in this population. After screening for inclusion criteria, we identified three randomized placebo controlled trials involving 241 children. We assessed internal validity using standard Cochrane Risk of bias tool for randomized controlled trials (RCTs). We used Revman 5.3 for meta-analysis and GRADE approach to create summary of findings with grading of the quality of evidence. Atomoxetine had a benefit on improving parent-rated hyperactivity (standardized mean difference [SMD] = -0.73, 95% Confidence Interval, CI = -1.15 to -0.34) and parent-rated inattention (SMD = -0.53, 95% CI = -0.93 to -0.12) but the magnitude of effects is uncertain. However, atomoxetine was also associated with increased risk of non-serious adverse effects like nausea and vomiting, decreased sleep, and decreased appetite. Atomoxetine may be effective in improving hyperactivity and inattention in children with autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. However, we are uncertain about the true effect of this intervention and need more RCTs trials designed to evaluate this. Autism Research 2019, 12: 542-552. © 2019 International Society for Autism Research, Wiley Periodicals, Inc. LAY SUMMARY: Atomoxetine is prescribed for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). About a third of children and adolescents with autism also suffer from ADHD. We carried out an analysis of data reported from a specific kind of medication trials which had examined the effectiveness and side effects of atomoxetine in this patient population. We could find only three such trials and analyzed the reported data. Our analysis revealed that atomoxetine is effective in improving symptoms of ADHD like hyperactivity and inattention and also causes side effects like nausea, vomiting, decreased sleep, and decreased appetite. However, the existing data are insufficient to provide a conclusive statement with certainty and more trials are needed for this.']"33487043,Patterns of comorbidity and psychopharmacology in adults with intellectual disability and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: an UK national cross-sectional audit.,"['ADHD', 'Intellectual disability', 'antidepressants', 'antipsychotics', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'stomp']","['Bhathika Perera', 'John Chen', 'Laura Korb', 'Aditya Borakati', 'Ken Courtenay', 'William Henley', 'Sam Tromans', 'Rohit Shankar']","['<b>Background</b>: Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is higher in people with intellectual disability (ID) compared to the general population. Available limited evidence suggests this population has increased psychological problems, diagnostic overshadowing and psychotropic prescribing. This audit Identifies and analyzes real-world characteristics, diagnostic practices, treatment, and management of ADHD in adults with ID.<b>Research Design and Methods:</b> Pooled retrospective case note data for people with ID and ADHD, collected from 30 organizations across the UK, were analyzed. Patients were classified into mild and moderate-profound ID groups. Associated mental health and neurodevelopmental co-morbidity, Demographics, concomitant psychotropics, and mental and behavioral concerns were collected. Group differences were reported using logistic regression models.<b>Results:</b> Of 445 participants, 73% had co-occurring autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and 65% were prescribed ADHD medications. Those on ADHD medication were less likely to be prescribed antipsychotics (p\xa0<\xa00.001) and antidepressants (p\xa0<\xa00.001). Multiple significant differences were found in ADHD medication response between ID groups and those with/without co-morbid ASD but not associated with challenging behavior reduction.<b>Conclusions:</b> High levels of neurodevelopmental and psychiatric comorbidity were found. ID severity and the presence of ASD appear to influence the use of certain psychotropic medications. Appropriate use of ADHD medication appears to reduce psychotropic polypharmacy.']"34609638,The role of glucocorticoid receptor gene in the association between attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder and smaller brain structures.,"['Amygdala', 'Attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder', 'Glucocorticoid receptor', 'Neuroimaging', 'Nucleus accumbens']","['Cibele E Bandeira', 'Eugenio H Grevet', 'Renata B Cupertino', 'Maria E de Araujo Tavares', 'Clara S Gusmão', 'Djenifer B Kappel', 'Eduardo S Vitola', 'Felipe A Picon', 'Luís A Rohde', 'Bruna S da Silva', 'Claiton H D Bau', 'Diego L Rovaris']","['ADHD is associated with smaller subcortical brain volumes and cortical surface area, with greater effects observed in children than adults. It is also associated with dysregulation of the HPA axis. Considering the effects of the glucocorticoid receptor (NR3C1) in neurophysiology, we hypothesize that the blurred relationships between brain structures and ADHD in adults could be partly explained by\xa0NR3C1\xa0gene variation.\xa0Structural T1-weighted images were acquired on a 3\xa0T scanner (N\u2009=\u2009166). Large-scale genotyping was performed, and it was followed by quality control and pruning procedures, which resulted in 48 independent NR3C1 gene variants analyzed.\xa0After a stringent Bonferroni correction, two SNPs (rs2398631 and rs72801070) moderated the association between ADHD and accumbens and amygdala volumes in adults. The significant SNPs that interacted with ADHD appear to have a role in gene expression regulation, and they are in linkage disequilibrium with\xa0NR3C1\xa0variants that present well-characterized physiological functions.\xa0The literature-reported associations of ADHD with accumbens and amygdala were only observed for specific\xa0NR3C1\xa0genotypes. Our findings reinforce the influence of the NR3C1 gene on subcortical volumes and ADHD. They suggest a genetic modulation of the effects of a pivotal HPA axis component in the neuroanatomical features of ADHD.']"33392724,Testing the evolutionary advantage theory of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder traits.,"['ADHD', 'Adaptive advantages', 'Children', 'Dimensionality', 'Natural selection-based theories of ADHD']","['Trine Wigh Arildskov', 'Anne Virring', 'Per Hove Thomsen', 'Søren D Østergaard']","['To reconcile the strong secular persistence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) despite its impairing effects, ADHD traits have been postulated to offer an evolutionary advantage. It has been proposed that such advantages should in particular be observable under time-critical, novel, and resource-depleted conditions requiring response-readiness and high levels of scanning and exploration/foraging. Our objective was to provide the first behavioral test of this hypothesis. Schoolchildren from the general population with no/few (n\u2009=\u200956), mild (n\u2009=\u200950), moderate (n\u2009=\u200948), and severe (n\u2009=\u200948) ADHD traits, defined according to their ADHD-Rating Scale IV (ADHD-RS-IV) total score, participated in an exploratory foraging and response-readiness laboratory test. Here, children searched for coins hidden in locations of varying obscurity in an unfamiliar room for 1\xa0min. Test-performance (number of coins found) adjusted for age, sex, and estimated IQ was analyzed categorically using multiple linear regression analyses and dimensionally by fitting a regression model including the ADHD-RS-IV score as a continuous measure. There were no differences in the mean number of coins between the No/Few (Mean\u2009=\u20097.82), Mild (Mean\u2009=\u20097.76), Moderate (Mean\u2009=\u20097.58), and Severe (Mean\u2009=\u20097.88) groups [F(3,195)\u2009=\u20090.24, p\u2009=\u20090.871]. Furthermore, excluding children with functional impairment, adjusting for verbal working memory and response inhibition, and stratifying for sex did not change these findings. Finally, continuous ADHD traits were not found to be related to test-performance [F(3,195)\u2009=\u20090.73, p\u2009=\u20090.536]. While our results do generally not support the evolutionary advantage theory (i.e., ADHD traits neither conferred an advantage nor a disadvantage), this does not disprove that ADHD traits may have offered advantages via other mechanisms.']"31411648,Association of Genetic and Environmental Risks for Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder With Hypomanic Symptoms in Youths.,[],"['Georgina M Hosang', 'Paul Lichtenstein', 'Angelica Ronald', 'Sebastian Lundström', 'Mark J Taylor']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and bipolar disorder are highly comorbid, with significantly associated symptoms. The mechanisms that account for their co-occurrence are not known.', attributes={'Label': 'Importance'}), StringElement('To examine the degree to which genetic and environmental risk factors for ADHD traits, across childhood and adolescence, are associated with adolescent hypomanic symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'Objective'}), StringElement('This study used data on 13\u202f532 twin pairs from the Child and Adolescent Twin Study in Sweden, a prospective, longitudinal twin study. Their parents provided ADHD data when children were 9 or 12 years of age. Of those who reached 15 years of age, 3784 participated. Of those who reached 18 years of age, 3013 participated. The study was performed from December 20, 2017, to December 5, 2018. Data analysis was performed at the Department of Medical Epidemiology & Biostatistics, Karolinska Institutet, Stockholm, Sweden, from March 1, 2018, to October 31, 2018.', attributes={'Label': 'Design, Setting, and Participants'}), StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder traits and hypomanic symptoms were assessed using parent-rated instruments. Associations between ADHD and adolescent hypomanic symptoms across childhood and adolescence were investigated using generalized estimating equations. Multivariate twin models were used to examine the extent to which genetic and environmental risk factors for ADHD were associated with hypomania.', attributes={'Label': 'Main Outcomes and Measures'}), StringElement('Among 3784 15-year-old twin pairs and 3013 18-year-old twin pairs, ADHD and hypomanic symptoms were significantly associated (age 15 years: β\u2009=\u20090.30; 95% CI, 0.24-0.34; P\u2009<\u2009.001; age 18 years: β\u2009=\u20090.19; 95% CI, 0.16-0.22; P\u2009<\u2009.001), especially for the hyperactivity-impulsivity ADHD symptom domain (age 15 years: β\u2009=\u20090.53; 95% CI, 0.46-0.60; P\u2009<\u2009.001; age 18 years: β\u2009=\u20090.36; 95% CI, 0.30-0.42; P\u2009<\u2009.001) compared with the inattention domain (age 15 years: β\u2009=\u20090.40; 95% CI, 0.34-0.47; P\u2009<\u2009.001; age 18 years: β\u2009=\u20090.24; 95% CI, 0.19-0.29; P\u2009<\u2009.001). Between 13% and 29% of the genetic risk factors for hypomania were also associated with ADHD, with higher estimates detected for symptoms of hyperactivity-impulsivity (10%-25%) compared with inattention (6%-16%). Environmental factors played a negligible role in the associations. Genetic factors unique to adolescent hypomania were associated with 25% to 42% of its variance, suggesting some etiologic distinction between these forms of psychopathology.', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('More than a quarter of the genetic risk factors for adolescent hypomanic traits were also associated with ADHD symptoms in childhood and adolescence, with hypomania-specific genetic risk factors detected. These findings suggest that ADHD and hypomanic symptoms are associated with shared genetic factors, which should be the focus of further research.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions and Relevance'})]"31845457,Clinical characteristics of boys with comorbid autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'behavioral problems', 'comorbidity', 'strengths and difficulties questionnaire']","['Kaori Yamawaki', 'Kazue Ishitsuka', 'Satoshi Suyama', 'Shunsuke Suzumura', 'Hiroshi Yamashita', 'Shigenobu Kanba']","[StringElement('Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention deficit / hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are frequently comorbid and, as both are defined as neurodevelopmental disorders in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition, simultaneous diagnosis is possible. However, despite the frequency of this comorbid state, its endophenotypic features remain unclear. This study thus aimed to describe the behavioral and emotional problems in boys with comorbid ASD and ADHD using the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""In total, 102 boys (age, 6-12\xa0years) diagnosed with one or both disorders were divided into three groups according to their clinical diagnosis: ASD\xa0+\xa0ADHD (N\xa0=\xa039), ASD (N\xa0=\xa037), and ADHD (N\xa0=\xa025). Symptoms and related behaviors were compared among the groups using parents' ratings of the autism spectrum quotient, ADHD rating scale-IV, and SDQ."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In the ASD\xa0+\xa0ADHD group, the proportion of ""clinical-range"" cases was as high as 76.9% for the SDQ total difficulties score (TDS). The ASD\xa0+\xa0ADHD and ADHD groups had significantly higher TDS as well as behavioral problems and hyperactivity subscale scores than did the ASD group; however, the ASD\xa0+\xa0ADHD group did not have significantly different scores on any subscale compared with the other two groups. The ASD\xa0+\xa0ADHD and ASD groups also had significantly lower prosocial behavior scores than the ADHD group.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('When using the SDQ as a screening tool for neurodevelopmental disorders, a high TDS, conduct problems, hyperactivity, and low prosocial behavior can be considered characteristic of ASD and ADHD comorbidity in 6- to 12-year-old boys.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34014463,The association between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and retinal nerve fiber/ganglion cell layer thickness measured by optical coherence tomography: a systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Meta-analysis', 'Neurodevelopmental disorder', 'Optical coherence tomography', 'Retinal nerve fiber thickness']","['Sophia Ling Li', 'Ka Wai Kam', 'Arnold Shau Hei Chee', 'Xiu Juan Zhang', 'Li Jia Chen', 'Wilson W K Yip', 'Clement C Tham', 'Alvin L Young', 'Ian C K Wong', 'Patrick Ip', 'Jason C Yam']","[StringElement('Retinal nerve fiber/ganglion cell layer (RNFL/GCL) thickness measured using optical coherence tomography has been proposed as an ocular biomarker for children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but findings varied in different studies. This study aims to determine the association between RNFL/GCL thickness and ADHD in children by systematic review and meta-analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We performed a literature search in Embase, PubMed, Medline, Web of Science, and PsycINFO for relevant articles published up to February 29, 2020. All studies with original data comparing RNFL/GCL thickness in ADHD and healthy children were included. The Newcastle Ottawa Scale was used to assess bias risk and quality of evidence. Pooled estimates of the differences in thickness of RNFL or GCL between ADHD and healthy subjects were generated using meta-analysis with a random-effect model due to significant inter-study heterogeneity. Sensitivity analysis was also performed.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We identified four eligible studies involving a total of 164 ADHD and 150 control subjects. Meta-analysis revealed that ADHD in children was associated with a reduction in global RNFL thickness (SMD, - 0.23; 95% CI - 0.46, - 0.01; p\u2009=\u20090.04). The global GCL thickness was examined in two studies with 89 ADHD and 75 control subjects, but the pooled difference in global GCL thickness between ADHD children and controls was not statistically significant (SMD, - 0.34; 95% CI - 1.25, 0.58; p\u2009=\u20090.47).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Existing evidence suggests a possible association between ADHD and RNFL thinning in children. In view of the limited number of reports, further studies in large cohorts should be warranted.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31010680,Positive effect of exogenous brain-derived neurotrophic factor on impaired neurite development and mitochondrial function in dopaminergic neurons derived from dental pulp stem cells from children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Brain-derived neurotrophic factor', 'Dopaminergic neurons', 'Human exfoliated deciduous teeth stem cells', 'Mitochondria']","['Huong Thi Nguyen Nguyen', 'Hiroki Kato', 'Hiroshi Sato', 'Haruyoshi Yamaza', 'Yasunari Sakai', 'Shouichi Ohga', 'Kazuaki Nonaka', 'Keiji Masuda']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common neurodevelopmental disorders and is characterized by impaired attention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity. While multiple etiologies are implicated in ADHD, its underlying mechanism(s) remain unclear. Although previous studies have suggested dysregulation of dopaminergic signals, mitochondria, and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in ADHD, few studies have reported these associations directly. Stem cells from human exfoliated deciduous teeth (SHED) can efficiently differentiate into dopaminergic neurons (DNs) and are thus a useful disease-specific cellular model for the study of neurodevelopmental disorders associated with DN dysfunction. This study aimed to elucidate the relationships between DNs, mitochondria, and BDNF in ADHD by analyzing DNs differentiated from SHED obtained from three boys with ADHD and comparing them to those from three typically developing boys. In the absence of exogenous BDNF in the cell culture media, DNs derived from boys with ADHD (ADHD-DNs) exhibited impaired neurite outgrowth and branching, decreased mitochondrial mass in neurites, and abnormal intracellular ATP levels. In addition, BDNF mRNA was significantly decreased in ADHD-DNs. Supplementation with BDNF, however, significantly improved neurite development and mitochondrial function in ADHD-DNs. These results suggest that ADHD-DNs may have impaired neurite development and mitochondrial function associated with insufficient production of BDNF, which may be improved by exogenous BDNF supplementation. Findings such as these, from patient-derived SHED, may contribute to the future development of treatment strategies for aberrant dopaminergic signaling, mitochondrial functioning, and BDNF levels implicated in ADHD pathogenesis.']"32757874,Serum zonulin and claudin-5 levels in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'blood–brain barrier', 'claudin-5', 'intestinal permeability', 'zonulin']","['Pınar Aydoğan Avşar', 'Ümit Işık', 'Evrim Aktepe', 'Faruk Kılıç', 'Duygu Kumbul Doğuç', 'Halil İbrahim Büyükbayram']","[StringElement('This study aimed to investigate serum zonulin and claudin-5 levels of children and adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and healthy controls by controlling the parameters such as age, sex and body mass index (BMI) percentile which are known to affect these parameters.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A total of 80 treatment-naive children and adolescents with ADHD and 40 healthy volunteer controls aged 8-12\u2009years were enrolled in this study. The severities of ADHD symptoms were assessed via parent- and teacher-rated questionnaires. The severity of anxiety and depression symptoms of the children were assessed by the self-report inventories. Serum levels of zonulin and claudin-5 were measured using commercial enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay kits.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The multivariate analysis of covariance (MANCOVA) revealed a significant main effect of groups in the serum zonulin and claudin-5 levels, an effect that was independent of age, sex and BMI percentile. Significant differences were found between the study groups in terms of serum log-claudin-5 levels. However, there was no significant difference between the study groups in terms of serum zonulin levels.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These findings provide additional evidence for dysregulation of the blood-brain barrier, especially abnormalities in claudin-5 function, which may be involved in the aetiology of ADHD.Key pointsADHD is one of the most common neurodevelopmental disorders of childhood. Although ADHD is quite common, its aetiology has yet to be fully explained.In recent years, studies on the relationship between intestinal and blood-brain brain barrier permeability and psychiatric disorders have increased.In our study, serum claudin-5 levels were higher in the ADHD group compared to the control group, while serum zonulin levels did not differ between the groups.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33862289,A Quality Improvement Initiative to Improve Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Follow-Up Rates Using School-Based Telemedicine.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'quality improvement', 'school-based telemedicine', 'telemedicine']","['Andrea Milne Wenderlich', 'Rui Li', 'Constance D Baldwin', 'Nicholas Contento', 'Neil Herendeen', 'Cynthia M Rand']","[StringElement('Patients with a new diagnosis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) who are prescribed stimulant medication need regular follow-up. Guidelines recommend follow-up within 30 days of stimulant initiation or change but this goal is seldom achieved. This quality improvement (QI) study in an urban academic outpatient practice aimed to: 1) assess whether use of school-based telemedicine increases rates of follow-up within 30 days and decreases the number of days to follow-up for ADHD, and 2) compare rates of 30-day follow-up via in-person vs telemedicine visits.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We performed three Plan-Do-Study-Act cycles over a 12-month period: QI interventions included clinic wide education, paper prompts for clinicians, and creation of a database to track ADHD patients. We measured days from the index visit to the follow-up visit, and the mode of both visits (in-person or telemedicine). Data were collected for 6 months pre-intervention and 12 months post-intervention.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Follow-up within 30 days increased from 19% (of 191 visits) to 33% (of 661 visits) (P < .001). The time to follow-up decreased from 67 to 34 days (P < .001). Follow up visits by telemedicine were more also more likely to be within 30 days (62% vs. 32%, P < .001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('A QI intervention for ADHD care increased rates of follow-up within 30 days, particularly when telemedicine was used, and decreased the number of days to follow-up. This intervention could serve as a model to improve follow-up for ADHD in other settings.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION'})]"33055292,[Developmental Psychopathology Perspective of Attention Defi cit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)].,[],"['Monika Miklosi', 'Orsolya Mate', 'Tunde Balazs']","['This review aims to give an insight into the developmental psychopathology perspective of attention-defi cit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). According to evolutionary theories, phenotypes associated with ADHD might have been adaptive in the past but became dysfunctional in modern life (mismatch theory). Genome-wide association studies have supported this theory. Multiple developmental pathways lead to ADHD (equifi nality), and risk factors associated with ADHD may lead to different outcomes (multifi nality). Heritability of ADHD is high; however, its aetiology is heterogeneous and multifactorial, including genetic factors, gene-environment interactions and correlations, as well as epigenetic mechanism. Core symptoms of ADHD - inattention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity - are the same throughout the lifespan, but their presentation, as well as the comorbid profile, show typical age-specific diff erences. ADHD is characterized by strong homotypic continuity, ADHD in children persists in a large proportion into adolescence and adulthood - underlying the importance of lifespan perspective. Heterotypic continuity of ADHD has been described with externalizing and internalizing disorders; research on the different developmental pathways contribute to the recognition and prevention of maladaptive outcomes.']"34338620,Empathy in Social Anxiety Disorder: The Association with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,[],"['Didem Umutlu', 'Cagdas Oyku Memis', 'Yasam Umutlu', 'Doga Sevincok', 'Levent Sevincok']","[""<i>Objectives</i>: Our main hypothesis in this study was that patients with social anxiety disorder (SAD) and comorbid attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) had lower empathy levels than those without ADHD. Also, after controlling for the severity of SAD and depression, we hypothesized that ADHD symptoms contributed to lower levels of empathy in SAD patients.<i>Methods</i>: 72 patients (46 females, 32 males) with SAD between the ages of 18-65 years were divided into two groups as those with (n\xa0=\xa032) and those without ADHD (n\xa0=\xa040). Participants were evaluated using the Liebowitz Social Anxiety Scale (LSAS), Turgay's Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder, Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and Empathy Quotient. In this study, Mann Whitney-U test, Spearman correlation test, logistic and multiple regression analysis were used.<i>Results</i>: Education level (U\xa0=\xa0371.5, <i>p</i> =\xa0.002) and empathy scores (U\xa0=\xa0259.5, <i>p</i> <\xa0.0001) of SAD patients with ADHD were significantly lower than those without ADHD. BDI (U\xa0=\xa0206.5, <i>p</i> <\xa0.0001), LSAS total (U\xa0=\xa0454.5, <i>p</i> =\xa0.036), fear (U\xa0=\xa0457.0, <i>p</i> =\xa0.038), and avoidance scores (U\xa0=\xa0453.0, <i>p</i> =\xa0.034) were higher in SAD patients with ADHD than those without ADHD. Low levels of empathy (B\xa0=\xa0- 0.119, Exp(B)\xa0=\xa00.895, <i>p</i> =\xa0.014) and high severity of current depression (B\xa0=\xa00.119, Exp(B)\xa0=\xa01.127, <i>p</i> =\xa0.001) were significantly associated with comorbidity between SAD and ADHD. ADHD-inattention (β\xa0=\xa0-0.369, Exp(B)\xa0=\xa0-0.541, <i>p</i> =\xa0.004), and depression (β\xa0=\xa0-0.262, Exp(B)\xa0=\xa0-0.212, <i>p</i> =\xa0.036) negatively predicted empathy levels.<i>Conclusions</i>: Our findings may provide some evidence for the contribution of ADHD-inattention and depression to poor empathy in SAD patients. Therefore, it is recommended that symptoms of ADHD-inattention and depression should be carefully evaluated in SAD patients with low empathy.""]"29929487,Health-related quality of life in prisoners with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and head injury.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Co-morbidity', 'Head injury', 'Health-related quality of life', 'Prison population', 'Traumatic brain injury']","['Susan Young', 'Rafael A González', 'Moshe Fridman', 'Paul Hodgkins', 'Keira Kim', 'Gisli H Gudjonsson']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and head injury (including traumatic brain injury (TBI)) manifest in high levels across prison samples and guidance from the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence notes that people with acquired brain injury may have increased prevalence of ADHD. We aimed to examine the association of ADHD with TBI and the impact of the association upon health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and service use among imprisoned adults.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('An observational study was performed in 2011-2013, at Porterfield Prison, Inverness, United Kingdom (UK). The all male sample included 390 adult prison inmates with capacity to consent and no history of moderate or severe intellectual disability. Head injury was measured with a series of self-reported questions, addressing history of hits to the head: frequency, severity, loss of consciousness (LOC), and sequelae. Participants were interviewed using the Diagnostic Interview for ADHD in Adults 2.0. The Health Utilities Index Mark 3 was used to measure health status, and to calculate attribute specific HRQoL and Quality-Adjusted Life Year (QALY) scores.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('72% of prisoners sampled reported at least one head injury in their lifetime. Among those, 70% of head injuries occurred before age 16 and 70% experienced LOC. Prisoners with ADHD were nearly twice more likely to have TBI. Prisoners with ADHD-only and ADHD with co-morbid TBI had significantly lower scores in several HRQoL attributes, compared with TBI only or the absence of either condition. Adjusted logistic regression models indicated an average reduction of 0.20 QALYs in inmates with ADHD-only and 0.30 QALY loss in those with ADHD with co-morbid TBI compared with inmates with neither condition.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('There is a robust association between ADHD and TBI, and ADHD with co-morbid TBI confers significantly greater impairment in terms of HRQoL. Managing the short and long-term consequences of TBI is essential to improving care for prisoners and to addressing the criminogenic factors related to them.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30783059,Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Symptom Status in a Mixed Gender Population of Opioid-Maintained Prison Inmates.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Comorbidity', 'Inmates', 'Opioid maintenance', 'Prison']","['Marisa Silbernagl', 'Rudolf Slamanig', 'Maike Stegemann', 'Michael Sterzer', 'Laura Mayer', 'Gabriele Fischer', 'Annemarie Unger']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) often coincides with substance abuse and delinquency. A sample of opioid-maintained inmates was assessed for symptoms of ADHD, substance abuse history, types of offense, psychiatric comorbidities, and psychopharmacological treatment using a standardized battery of instruments.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Adult inmates (n = 133, mean age 35.7 years, 21.8% female) in opioid-maintenance therapy (OMT) were administered the Adult ADHD self-report scale, Wender Utah Rating Scale, Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview, -European Addiction Severity Index.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Fifty percent screened positive for childhood and 17% for adult ADHD, four (3.1%) received ADHD medication. Inmates with ADHD symptom status were significantly younger at first substance abuse, reported more drug overdoses, longer duration of cocaine and prescribed medication abuse and more in- and outpatient treatments (all p < 0.05). For all inmates in OMT a high rate of psychiatric comorbidities was observed (78.9%).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('There is a need for assessment of ADHD and other psychiatric comorbidities in OMT prisoners. Evidence-based treatment should be routinely provided.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33939260,Sex differences in anxiety and depression in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: Investigating genetic liability and comorbidity.,"['ADHD', 'ALSPAC', 'anxiety disorders', 'depression', 'polygenic risk scores', 'sex differences']","['Joanna Martin', 'Sharifah Shameem Agha', 'Olga Eyre', 'Lucy Riglin', 'Kate Langley', 'Leon Hubbard', 'Evie Stergiakouli', ""Michael O'Donovan"", 'Anita Thapar']","['It is unknown why attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is more common in males, whereas anxiety and depression show a female population excess. We tested the hypothesis that anxiety and depression risk alleles manifest as ADHD in males. We also tested whether anxiety and depression in children with ADHD show a different etiology to typical anxiety and depression and whether this differs by sex. The primary clinical ADHD sample consisted of 885 (14% female) children. Psychiatric symptoms were assessed using standardized interviews. Polygenic risk scores (PRS) were derived using large genetic studies. Replication samples included independent clinical ADHD samples (N\xa0=\xa03,794; 25.7% female) and broadly defined population ADHD samples (N\xa0=\xa0995; 33.4% female). We did not identify sex differences in anxiety or depression PRS in children with ADHD. In the primary sample, anxiety PRS were associated with social and generalized anxiety in males, with evidence of a sex-by-PRS interaction for social anxiety. These results did not replicate in the broadly defined ADHD sample. Depression PRS were not associated with comorbid depression symptoms. The results suggest that anxiety and depression genetic risks are not more likely to lead to ADHD in males. Also, the evidence for shared etiology between anxiety symptoms in those with ADHD and typical anxiety was weak and needs replication.']"36141880,Family Socioeconomic Status and Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Preschool Children: The Mediating Role of Executive Function.,"['attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'executive function', 'family socioeconomic status', 'preschool children']","['Liheng Fan', 'Wenjing Qing', 'Yinling Wang', 'Meichen Zhan']","[""This study aimed to explore the relationship between family socioeconomic status (SES) and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in preschool children and the mediating role of executive function (EF). A total of 361 parents of preschool children were surveyed using the self-reported Family Situation Questionnaire, the Child Executive Functioning Inventory, and the Child Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire. The results revealed that (1) there were significant pairwise correlations between SES, EF and its dimensions, and ADHD, except for a non-significant correlation between SES and regulation ability; (2) after controlling for preschool children's age and sex, SES directly predicted preschoolers' ADHD and EF partially mediated the association between SES and ADHD; and (3) among the EF dimensions, working memory and inhibitory ability significantly mediated the association between SES and ADHD, whereas the mediating effect of regulatory ability was not significant. These results suggest that SES can affect the ADHD of preschoolers both directly and through EF, especially through working memory and inhibitory ability. This supports the family stress model and family investment model of the relationship between SES and the development of children to some extent, and provides a reference for the early prevention of ADHD in children with low SES.""]"32813290,Working memory training restores aberrant brain activity in adult attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'brain imaging', 'cognitive training', 'working memory']","['Juha Salmi', 'Anna Soveri', 'Viljami Salmela', 'Kimmo Alho', 'Sami Leppämäki', 'Pekka Tani', 'Anniina Koski', 'Susanne M Jaeggi', 'Matti Laine']","['The development of treatments for attention impairments is hampered by limited knowledge about the malleability of underlying neural functions. We conducted the first randomized controlled trial to determine the modulations of brain activity associated with working memory (WM) training in adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). At baseline, we assessed the aberrant functional brain activity in the n-back WM task by comparing 44 adults with ADHD with 18 healthy controls using fMRI. Participants with ADHD were then randomized to train on an adaptive dual n-back task or an active control task. We tested whether WM training elicits redistribution of brain activity as observed in healthy controls, and whether it might further restore aberrant activity related to ADHD. As expected, activity in areas of the default-mode (DMN), salience (SN), sensory-motor (SMN), frontoparietal (FPN), and subcortical (SCN) networks was decreased in participants with ADHD at pretest as compared with healthy controls, especially when the cognitive load was high. WM training modulated widespread FPN and SN areas, restoring some of the aberrant activity. Training effects were mainly observed as decreased brain activity during the trained task and increased activity during the untrained task, suggesting different neural mechanisms for trained and transfer tasks.']"28635543,Anxiety modulates the relation between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder severity and working memory-related brain activity.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'anxiety', 'comorbidity', 'magnetic resonance imaging', 'working memory']","['Dennis van der Meer', 'Pieter J Hoekstra', 'Daan van Rooij', 'Anderson M Winkler', 'Hanneke van Ewijk', 'Dirk J Heslenfeld', 'Jaap Oosterlaan', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Barbara Franke', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Catharina A Hartman']","[StringElement('Individuals with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) often have heightened levels of anxiety, which has been associated with worse performance on working memory tasks. Knowledge of the neural pathways underlying the combined presence of ADHD and anxiety may aid in a better understanding of their co-occurrence. Therefore, we investigated how anxiety modulates the effect of ADHD severity on neural activity during a visuospatial working memory (VSWM) task.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('Neuroimaging data were available for 371 adolescents and young adults participating in the multicentre cohort study NeuroIMAGE (average age 17.1 years). We analysed the effects of ADHD severity, anxiety severity and their interaction on-task accuracy, and on neural activity associated with working memory (VSWM trials minus baseline), and memory load (high memory load trials minus low load trials).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Anxiety significantly modulated the relation between ADHD severity and neural activity in the cerebellum for the working memory contrast, and bilaterally in the striatum and thalamus for the memory load contrast.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We found that ADHD with co-occurring anxiety is associated with lowered neural activity during a VSWM task in regions important for information gating. This fits well with previous theorising on ADHD with co-occurring anxiety, and illustrates the neurobiological heterogeneity of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34371132,Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder has a state-dependent association with asthma: The role of systemic inflammation in a population-based birth cohort followed from childhood to adulthood.,"['ADHD', 'Adulthood', 'Asthma', 'C-reactive protein', 'Childhood', 'Cohort', 'Comorbidity', 'Inflammation', 'Interleukin-6', 'Trajectories']","['Douglas Teixeira Leffa', 'Arthur Caye', 'Iná Santos', 'Alicia Matijasevich', 'Ana Menezes', 'Fernando C Wehrmeister', 'Isabel Oliveira', 'Eduardo Vitola', 'Claiton Henrique Dotto Bau', 'Eugenio Horacio Grevet', 'Luciana Tovo-Rodrigues', 'Luis Augusto Rohde']","['There is a high comorbidity between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and asthma, and inflammation has been proposed as a potential pathophysiological mechanism behind this association. Most studies conducted so far have used a cross-sectional design, and none has evaluated the prevalence of asthma symptoms in patients with ADHD followed from childhood to adulthood. We relied on data from the 1993 Pelotas birth cohort to evaluate the association between ADHD and asthma in patients with distinct patterns of incidence, persistence and remission, and to explore the potential role of inflammatory markers in the comorbidity. We analyzed data from 3281 individuals from the 1993 Pelotas birth cohort collected at birth (1993), 11\xa0years (2004), 18\xa0years (2011), and 22\xa0years (2015). Subjects were first classified according to their ADHD and asthma status as early-onset (EO) persistent (positive screening for ADHD at 11 years and diagnosis of ADHD according to DSM-5, except criterion E, at either 18 or 22\xa0years), EO-remittent (positive screening for ADHD at 11\xa0years only), late-onset (diagnosis of ADHD according to DSM-5, except criterion E, at 18 or 22\xa0years only), or healthy subjects (negative for both conditions in all evaluation). After controlling for confounders, significant associations were observed between EO-remittent ADHD and EO-remittent asthma (OR 1.68, 95% CI 1.11-2.55), EO-persistent ADHD and EO-persistent asthma (OR 4.33, 95% CI 1.65-11.34), and between late-onset ADHD and late-onset asthma (OR 1.86, 95% CI 1.28-2.70), suggesting a state-dependent association. Serum interleukin-6 (IL-6) and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured at the 18- and 22-year evaluations and compared between subjects positive for ADHD, asthma, and subjects with both or none conditions, regardless of the previously defined trajectories. Subjects with comorbid ADHD and asthma presented higher levels of IL-6 at the 18- and 22-year evaluations when compared to subjects negative for both conditions. Our results demonstrate a state-dependent association between ADHD and asthma despite underlying trajectories. Higher levels of serum IL-6 in patients with both conditions suggest that a pro-inflammatory environment might have a role in the pathophysiological mechanisms underlying the comorbidity.']"35695509,Parental perspectives on attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder treatments for children.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder treatment', 'behavioral parent training', 'coping skills', 'exercise', 'health', 'parenting', 'treatment targets']","['Lawrence A Vitulano', 'John T Mitchell', 'Michael L Vitulano', 'James F Leckman', 'David Saunders', 'Naomi Davis', 'Diana Woodward', 'Bethany Goodhue', 'Bekir Artukoglu', 'Hedy Kober']","[""This study investigated parental perspectives and experiences on the evaluation and treatment process associated with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Five hundred sixty-eight parents of youth 2-28\xa0years-old (M = 9.37; SD = 4.11) diagnosed with ADHD responded to a 14-item online survey about their child's diagnosis and treatment. Parents reported that they had tried an average of 4.49 interventions (SD = 2.63). Parents further shared factors in treatment selection, most helpful parenting strategies, and preferences for types of treatments and treatment targets. A majority of parents reported incorporating many non-traditional strategies (e.g., exercise, healthy eating, outdoor activities) with goals of improving their child's coping skills, study habits, and anger management. The findings show that treatment choices were often selected based on trust in the provider, research support, and the child's preference. Given parental preferences for non-traditional strategies, treatment development efforts should consider these strategies as a component of a broader multimodal treatment approach to ADHD.""]"30316181,Prenatal fluoride exposure and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in children at 6-12 years of age in Mexico City.,"['ADHD', 'Fluoride', 'Neurobehavioral', 'Pregnancy']","['Morteza Bashash', 'Maelle Marchand', 'Howard Hu', 'Christine Till', 'E Angeles Martinez-Mier', 'Brisa N Sanchez', 'Niladri Basu', 'Karen E Peterson', 'Rivka Green', 'Lourdes Schnaas', 'Adriana Mercado-García', 'Mauricio Hernández-Avila', 'Martha María Téllez-Rojo']","[StringElement('Epidemiologic and animal-based studies have raised concern over the potential impact of fluoride exposure on neurobehavioral development as manifested by lower IQ and deficits in attention. To date, no prospective epidemiologic studies have examined the effects of prenatal fluoride exposure on behavioral outcomes using fluoride biomarkers and sensitive measures of attention.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We aimed to examine the association between prenatal fluoride exposure and symptoms associated with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""213 Mexican mother-children pairs of the Early Life Exposures to Environmental Toxicants (ELEMENT) birth cohort study had available maternal urinary samples during pregnancy and child assessments of ADHD-like behaviors at age 6-12. We measured urinary fluoride levels adjusted for creatinine (MUF<sub>cr</sub>) in spot urine samples collected during pregnancy. The Conners' Rating Scales-Revised (CRS-R) was completed by mothers, and the Conners' Continuous Performance Test (CPT-II) was administered to the children."", attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Mean MUF<sub>cr</sub> was 0.85\u202fmg/L (SD\u202f=\u202f0.33) and the Interquartile Range (IQR) was 0.46\u202fmg/L. In multivariable adjusted models using gamma regression, a 0.5\u202fmg/L higher MUF<sub>cr</sub> (approximately one IQR higher) corresponded with significantly higher scores on the CRS-R for DSM-IV Inattention (2.84 points, 95% CI: 0.84, 4.84) and DSM-IV ADHD Total Index (2.38 points, 95% CI: 0.42, 4.34), as well as the following symptom scales: Cognitive Problems and Inattention (2.54 points, 95% CI: 0.44, 4.63) and ADHD Index (2.47 points; 95% CI: 0.43, 4.50). The shape of the associations suggested a possible celling effect of the exposure. No significant associations were found with outcomes on the CPT-II or on symptom scales assessing hyperactivity.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Higher levels of fluoride exposure during pregnancy were associated with global measures of ADHD and more symptoms of inattention as measured by the CRS-R in the offspring.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33607483,Characteristics of sleep spindles in school-aged children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Children', 'Presentations', 'Sleep spindles']","['Noelia Ruiz-Herrera', 'Nicola Cellini', 'Alexander Prehn-Kristensen', 'Alejandro Guillén-Riquelme', 'Gualberto Buela-Casal']","[StringElement('Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a complex disorder, characterized by different presentations with distinct cognitive and neurobiological characterizations. Here we aimed to investigate whether sleep spindle activity, which has been associated with brain maturation, may be a potential biomarker able to differentiate ADHD presentations in school-aged children (7-11 years).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Spindle characteristics were extracted from overnight polysomnography in 74 children (27 ADHD-Inattentive [IQ = 96.04], 25 ADHD-hyperactive/impulsive [IQ = 98.9], and 22 ADHD-combined [IQ = 96.1]). We obtained data of the frontal (Fz) and parietal (Pz) derivations using a validated spindle detection algorithm.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children with ADHD showed a higher number and density of slow compared to fast spindles which were more frequent in frontal area. No differences were observed among ADHD presentations for any spindle characteristics. Spindle frequency and density increased with age, indicating an age-dependent maturation of different sleep spindles. However, no associations between IQ and spindle characteristics were observed.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In children with ADHD the spindle characteristics evolve with age but sleep spindle activity does not seem to be a valid biomarker of ADHD phenotypes or general cognitive ability.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35523029,The utility of the autism-spectrum quotient to screen for autism spectrum disorder in adults with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Adults', 'Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism spectrum disorder', 'Autism-spectrum quotient', 'Co-occurrence']","['Doha Bemmouna', 'Sébastien Weibel', 'Markus Kosel', 'Roland Hasler', 'Luisa Weiner', 'Nader Perroud']","['The co-occurrence of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) has been reported to be highly prevalent in adults. However, very few studies have assessed the usefulness of screening instruments to detect this co-occurrence, particularly when screening for ASD in the context of ADHD. Our study aimed at assessing the utility of the autism-spectrum quotient (AQ) as a screening tool of ASD in a sample of 153 adults referred for ADHD assessment. Our results showed that the AQ is of limited use in this context as its positive predictive value was low (47%). Particularly, the more severe the attentional deficits the more likely individuals with ADHD were to be misclassified as having a co-occurring ASD based on the AQ. However, the ""imagination"" subscale of the AQ was able to discriminate those who met ASD criteria from those who did not, suggesting that targeting imagination impairments might be useful when assessing for the ADHD+ASD co-occurrence in clinical settings.']"30084719,A multicentre randomized controlled trial on trans-generational attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in mothers and children (AIMAC): an exploratory analysis of predictors and moderators of treatment outcome.,"['Elterliches ADHS', 'Eltern-Kind-Training', 'Moderator', 'Outcome', 'Parental ADHD', 'Prädiktor', 'moderator', 'outcome', 'parent-child training', 'predictor']","['Charlotte Jaite', 'Betteke Maria van Noort', 'Timo D Vloet', 'Erika Graf', 'Viola Kappel', 'Julia Geissler', 'Andreas Warnke', 'Christian Jacob', 'Silke Groß-Lesch', 'Klaus Hennighausen', 'Barbara Haack-Dees', 'Katja Schneider-Momm', 'Alexandra Philipsen', 'Swantje Matthies', 'Michael Rösler', 'Wolfgang Retz', 'Susann Hänig', 'Alexander von Gontard', 'Esther Sobanski', 'Barbara Alm', 'Sarah Hohmann', 'Alexander Häge', 'Luise Poustka', 'Michael Colla', 'Laura Gentschow', 'Christine M Freitag', 'Katja Becker', 'Thomas Jans']","[StringElement('We examined predictors and moderators of treatment outcome in mothers and children diagnosed with ADHD in a large multicentre RCT.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""In total, 144 mother-child dyads with ADHD were randomly assigned to either a maternal ADHD treatment (group psychotherapy and open methylphenidate medication, TG) or to a control treatment (individual counselling without psycho- or pharmacotherapy, CG). After maternal ADHD treatment, parent-child training (PCT) for all mother-child dyads was added. The final analysis set was based on 123 dyads with completed primary outcome assessments (TG: n = 67, CG: n = 56). The primary outcome was the change in each child's externalizing symptoms. Multiple linear regression analyses were performed."", attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""The severity of the child's externalizing problem behaviour in the family at baseline predicted more externalizing symptoms in the child after PCT, independent of maternal treatment. When mothers had a comorbid depression, TG children showed more externalizing symptoms after PCT than CG children of depressive mothers. No differences between the treatment arms were seen in the mothers without comorbid depression."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Severely impaired mothers with ADHD and depressive disorder are likely to need additional disorder-specific treatment for their comorbid psychiatric disorders to effectively transfer the contents of the PCT to the home situation (CCTISRCTN73911400).', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33349107,Pharmacotherapy of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder in individuals with autism spectrum disorder: A systematic review of the literature.,"['ADHD', 'ASD', 'treatment']","['Gagan Joshi', 'Timothy Wilens', 'Elizabeth S Firmin', 'Barbora Hoskova', 'Joseph Biederman']","[StringElement('To assess the empirical evidence for the treatment of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in populations with autism spectrum disorder (ASD).', attributes={'Label': 'AIM'}), StringElement('A systemic PubMed, PsychINFO, Embase, and Medline database search of peer-reviewed literature was conducted. Included in the review were controlled trials published in English with sample sizes ⩾10 participants examining the safety and efficacy of anti-ADHD medication in ASD populations. Data was extracted on relevant variables of study design, demographics, associated psychopathology, medication dose, efficacy, and tolerability.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Nine controlled trials met the inclusion and exclusion criteria: five with methylphenidate, three with atomoxetine, and one with guanfacine. Sample sizes ranged from 10 to 128 with 430 children participating across all the trials. In all the trials, treatment response was significantly superior to placebo. However, almost all trials assessed only hyperactivity, and most included only participants with intellectual disability with high levels of irritability. None of the trials distinguished agitation from hyperactivity. The response on hyperactivity for methylphenidate and atomoxetine was less than that observed in the neurotypical population; however, the response for guanfacine surpassed results observed in neurotypical populations. Treatment-emergent mood lability (i.e. mood dysregulation and mood-related adverse events) was frequently associated with methylphenidate and guanfacine treatments. Worse treatment outcomes were associated with individuals with lower intellectual capability compared with those with higher IQs.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('here is a scarcity of controlled trials examining ADHD treatments in ASD populations, particularly in intellectually capable individuals with ASD and in adults. Response to ADHD medications in ASD were adversely moderated by the presence of intellectual disability and mood lability.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30485128,Remittance or persistence of attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and its impact on recidivism in risky driving behaviors.,"['ADHD', 'driving violations', 'persistent', 'remittent', 'risky drivers']","['S Valero', 'R Bosch', 'M Corominas', 'V Barrau', 'J A Ramos-Quiroga', 'M Casas']","[StringElement('Recent data regarding the persistence or remittance of attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) diagnosis into adulthood raise the question of its possible role in crucial public health issues, including road safety, especially when neurocognitive capacities are challenged.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The study included 611 participants with serious traffic violations. The Spanish version of the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview (M.I.N.I.) was used to assess psychopathology. They were grouped into 3 diagnostic conditions: non-ADHD, persistent ADHD (ADHD-P), and remittent ADHD (ADHD-R). Several risky driving behaviors were analyzed.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Although participants with ADHD have more driving violations relative to non-ADHD, ADHD-R, and ADHD-P drivers have similar profiles. ADHD-R and ADHD-P drivers are more prone to perform risky and recidivistic behaviors relative to non-ADHD counterparts (P\u2009=\u2009.044 and P\u2009=\u2009.047, respectively); ADHD-R and ADHD-P participants are statistically comparable in this proneness (P\u2009=\u2009.772).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These results suggest that the underlying core deficits of ADHD-attention and other executive disabilities-persist despite the fact that some people no longer reach the threshold for clinical diagnosis.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34143680,Atomoxetine in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Children With and Without Comorbid Mood Disorders.,"['atomoxetine', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'comorbidity', 'mood disorders']","['Nermin M Shaker', 'Yara Osama', 'Doaa H Barakat', 'Ahmed Adel Abdelgawad', 'Karim Abdel Aziz', 'Dina Aly El-Gabry']","['<b><i>Objectives:</i></b> Mood disorders are commonly associated with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), adding to the clinical complexity. Some symptoms associated with ADHD are often associated with an increase in emotional disorders and depression. Hence, the management of comorbid mood symptoms in the context of ADHD represents a particularly difficult clinical challenge. Few studies in literature, and probably none in the Arab world, have investigated the impact of individual common comorbid disorders on the efficacy of atomoxetine (a nonstimulant norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor) as a monotherapy for the treatment of these comorbid mood symptoms. Therefore, our aim was to investigate the effect of atomoxetine in a sample of drug-naive Egyptian children with ADHD, with and without comorbid mood disorders. <b><i>Methods:</i></b> A prospective, naturalistic, open-label study. <b><i>Results:</i></b> Atomoxetine is an effective treatment for the symptoms of ADHD in the presence of comorbid mood disorder, but with a slower rate of improvement than if applied in the absence of mood disorder; in addition, our study showed improvement regarding the depressive symptoms in the mood group after 1 month. <b><i>Conclusions:</i></b> The study highlighted that atomoxetine is an effective treatment for ADHD in the presence of comorbid mood disorder, and improves depressive symptoms in the mood group. It also predicts mild resistance to the effects of atomoxetine on ADHD with slower improvement than those with ADHD only.']"33070774,White matter alterations in autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in relation to sensory profile.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism spectrum disorder', 'Developmental disorder', 'Diffusion tensor imaging', 'Sensory problem']","['Haruhisa Ohta', 'Yuta Y Aoki', 'Takashi Itahashi', 'Chieko Kanai', 'Junya Fujino', 'Motoaki Nakamura', 'Nobumasa Kato', 'Ryu-Ichiro Hashimoto']","[StringElement('Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have high rates of co-occurrence and share atypical behavioral characteristics, including sensory symptoms. The present diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) study was conducted to examine whether and how white matter alterations are observed in adult populations with developmental disorders (DD) and to determine how brain-sensory relationships are either shared between or distinct to ASD and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We collected DTI data from adult population with DD (a primary diagnosis of ASD: n\u2009=\u2009105, ADHD: n =\u200955) as well as age- and sex-matched typically developing (TD) participants (n\u2009=\u200958). Voxel-wise fractional anisotropy (FA), mean diffusivity, axial diffusivity, and radial diffusivity (RD) were analyzed using tract-based spatial statistics. The severities of sensory symptoms were assessed using the Adolescent/Adult Sensory Profile (AASP).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Categorical analyses identified voxel clusters showing significant effects of DD on FA and RD in the posterior portion of the corpus callosum and its extension in the right hemisphere. Furthermore, regression analyses using the AASP scores revealed that slopes in relationships of FA or RD with the degree of sensory symptoms were parallel between the two DDs in large parts of the affected corpus callosum regions. A small but significant cluster did exist showing difference in association between an AASP subscale score and RD across ASD and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Wide age range of the participants may be oversimplified.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('These results indicate that white matter alteration and their relationships to sensory symptoms are largely shared between ASD and ADHD, with localized abnormalities showing significant between-diagnosis differences within DD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30388665,Behavior problems in children with epilepsy and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in Central China.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Behavior problems', 'Children Behavior Checklist (CBCL)', 'Epilepsy']","['Qin Zhao', 'Man Wang', 'Huicong Kang', 'Suiqiang Zhu']","[""In this study, we aimed to evaluate the prevalence of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children with epilepsy in Central China and compare the behavioral problems in children with epilepsy combined with and without ADHD. Children with epilepsy aged between 6 and 16\u202fyears were recruited for this study. Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (DSM-IV) criteria were administered for the diagnosis of ADHD and ADHD subtype in children with epilepsy. Children Behavior Checklist (CBCL) was administered by trained research assistants to evaluate children's behavior problems. Among 206 children diagnosed as having epilepsy, 51 had ADHD symptoms. Among them, 52.1% (29/51) were inattentive subtype (ADHD-I), 13.73% (7/51) were hyperactive/impulsive subtype (ADHD-HI), and 29.41% (15/51) were combined subtype (ADHD-C). Children with epilepsy and ADHD had significantly higher scores on attention problems, rule-breaking behavior, and aggressive behavior subscales (P\u202f<\u202f0.01). Our results showed that children with epilepsy exhibited a significantly higher rate of ADHD compared with controls in Central China, with a predominant inattentive subtype. Children with epilepsy and ADHD showed more behavior problems such as attention-deficit, delinquent, and aggressive behaviors compared with children with epilepsy only.""]"34498154,A Review of Predictors of Psychosocial Service Utilization in Youth with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Help-seeking', 'Psychosocial', 'Service utilization', 'Treatment']","['Cathrin D Green', 'Joshua M Langberg']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common childhood disorders. Professional practice guidelines recommend combined treatment, psychopharmacological and psychosocial, for youth with ADHD. There have been multiple reviews of pharmacological prescription practices and utilization, however, less is known about predictors of ADHD psychosocial service utilization. Given the importance of accessing psychosocial treatment in relation to improving functional impairment, this review synthesizes evidence on predictors of ADHD psychosocial intervention utilization in clinic, community, and school settings. Eighteen studies were identified and included in the review. Findings are summarized across informant profile factors, predisposing characteristics, and barriers and facilitators. The most robust findings were for the impact of symptom severity/impairment, the presence of comorbidities, and age on ADHD psychosocial service utilization. Race/ethnicity, sex, parental knowledge of the disorder and insurance coverage were also identified as key factors. Future avenues of research are provided, and clinical and policy implications targeted at reducing psychosocial treatment disparities in youth with ADHD are discussed.']"31865197,Pre-school attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: 12 weeks prospective study.,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Pharmacotherapy', 'Preschool']","['Sivapriya Vaidyanathan', 'Tess Maria Rajan', 'Venkatesh Chandrasekaran', 'Preeti Kandasamy']","[StringElement('Extant literature lack studies on behavioural training or pharmacotherapy in Indian preschool children. With adverse long term outcomes, effective, safe and affordable early interventions for ADHD are a priority. Aim of this prospective study is to report on short term outcome of preschool ADHD with specific focus on safety and tolerability of medications.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""Children with ADHD aged 2.5-6 years were assessed for severity and adverse events at baseline and follow-up using Conner's abbreviated rating scale and Clinical Global Impression-Severity scale. Children with Autism spectrum disorder and those with social quotient less than 50 were excluded. Statistical Analysis included descriptive statistics and Repeated measures ANOVA."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of 56 children recruited, 33.93 %(N = 19) were on behavioural interventions alone, 66.07 %(N = 37) were on a combination of medication and behavioural intervention. All children received treatment according to standard care. The most prescribed drug was clonidine (44.64%), then risperidone (28.7%), methylphenidate (10.7%) and atomoxetine (10.7%). Medication choice was determined by affordability, availability and comorbidity profile. Sedation occurred in 24 % of children on clonidine. Atomoxetine was not well tolerated in 2 children. Methylphenidate was well tolerated. Irrespective of medication choice, all children showed significant improvement at 12 weeks (p < 0.001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Choice of interventions is largely determined by availability and affordability. There is a need for structured parent behavioural training program deliverable in low resource setting. Anti-ADHD medications should be made available under the NMHP, RBSK program and all government settings in India, to address over-prescription of antipsychotics in preschool ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35588245,The role of placebo response in the efficacy outcome assessment in viloxazine extended-release pivotal trials in paediatric subjects with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD, ADHD-RS-5, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, band-pass analysis, placebo response, treatment effect, viloxazine extended-release']","['Azmi Nasser', 'Roberto Gomeni', 'Zhao Wang', 'Joseph T Hull', 'Gregory D Busse', 'Zare Melyan', 'Maurizio Fava', ""Welton O'Neal"", 'Jonathan Rubin']","[StringElement('Four Phase 3 studies evaluated efficacy and safety of viloxazine extended-release in the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The primary efficacy objective-change from baseline in ADHD Rating Scale-5 (ADHD-RS-5) Total score at end of study (EOS)-was not met in one of the studies (812P304). A band-pass analysis was performed to evaluate the impact of placebo response on the results.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The distribution of placebo response at EOS of each trial was evaluated. The 2.5<sup>th</sup> and 97.5<sup>th</sup> percentiles of the distribution of ADHD-RS-5 Total score were used as boundaries for the band-pass analysis. An independent mixed model for repeated measures analysis was conducted for each trial using all eligible data (active and placebo) from the total and band-pass filtered populations.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The 2.5<sup>th</sup> and 97.5<sup>th</sup> percentiles at EOS were 3.5 and 53.5, respectively. Application of the band-pass filter (filtering out all subjects [active, n\xa0=\u2009305 (32.1%) and placebo, n\xa0=\u2009134 (33.5%)] of clinical sites with placebo scores <3.5 or >53.5) revealed statistically significant improvement at the primary endpoint (600-mg/d viloxazine ER vs. placebo) in Study 812P304 (mean [confidence interval]\u2009=\u20094.9537 [0.5405-9.3669]), previously masked by a high placebo response (mean [confidence interval]\u2009=\u20093.5756 [-0.3332-7.4844]). The outcome of the analysis indicated that the impact of the band-pass adjustment is greater when placebo response is higher.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This analysis indicated that a higher placebo response in Study 812P304 confounded the assessment of treatment effect. Application of the band-pass methodology confirmed the positive results of the 3 prior studies and the signal detection confounder in the fourth study.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35731055,Relationship between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and temporomandibular disorders in adults: a questionnaire-based report.,[],"['B Stelcer', 'A Sójka-Makowska', 'N Trzeszczyńska', 'J Samborska', 'G Teusz', 'M Pryliński', 'M Łukomska-Szymańska', 'E Mojs']","[StringElement('The symptoms of the attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) persist in the adult years of life in most cases. They appear in adults with accompanying psychosocial problems. Temporomandibular disorder (TMD) refers to signs and symptoms associated with pain of non-dental origin in the oro-facial region, functional and structural disruptions of the masticatory system, especially the temporomandibular joints (TMJs) and masticatory muscles. The aim of the study was to show the relationship between the presence of ADHD symptoms in adulthood, in relation to the intensity of pain experienced in the face and problems connected to the TMD symptomatology, as well as sleep disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The study group consisted of 252 individuals aged 18-55 years of both sexes, generally healthy. Each participant was asked to fill in several questionnaires, namely: ASRS (the World Health Organization ADHD Adult Self-Report Scale), DIVA (18 questions, 9 for concentration and attention disorders with an option in adulthood and childhood, 9 for hyperactivity and impulsivity with an option in adulthood and childhood), Athens Insomnia Scale, Stanford Sleepiness Scale (SSS), DC/TMD classification (Diagnostic Criteria for Temporomandibular Disorders - biaxial diagnostic criteria based on the biopsychosocial model).', attributes={'Label': 'PATIENTS AND METHODS'}), StringElement('Results show that when ADHD symptoms observed in childhood persist, personality disorders, social relations disorders and affective disorders are found more often in adults than motor hyperactivity.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('There is a positive association between ADHD and the occurrence of symptoms of TMD in adults. This study confirmed this picture, extending it to include pain and sleep disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33675677,Resting state functional connectivity in adolescent synthetic cannabinoid users with and without attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'connectomics', 'functional connectivity', 'synthetic cannabinoids']","['Zeki Yüncü', 'Zehra Cakmak Celik', 'Ciğdem Colak', 'Tribikram Thapa', 'Alex Fornito', 'Emre Bora', 'Omer Kitis', 'Nabi Zorlu']","[StringElement('Synthetic cannabinoids (SCs) have become increasingly popular in recent years, especially among adolescents. The first aim of the current study was to examine resting-state functional connectivity (rsFC) in SC users compared to controls. Our second aim was to examine the influence of comorbid attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptomatology on rsFC changes in SC users compared to controls.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) analysis included 25 SC users (14 without ADHD and 11 with ADHD combined type) and 12 control subjects.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We found (i) higher rsFC between the default mode network (DMN) and salience network, dorsal attention network and cingulo-opercular network, and (ii) lower rsFC within the DMN and between the DMN and visual network in SC users compared to controls. There were no significant differences between SC users with ADHD and controls, nor were there any significant differences between SC users with and without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We found the first evidence of abnormalities within and between resting state networks in adolescent SC users without ADHD. In contrast, SC users with ADHD showed no differences compared to controls. These results suggest that comorbidity of ADHD and substance dependence may show different rsFC alterations than substance use alone.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29655169,Functional brain correlates of motor response inhibition in children with developmental coordination disorder and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Developmental coordination disorder', 'Functional magnetic resonance imaging', 'Motor inhibition']","['Siobhan Thornton', 'Signe Bray', 'Lisa Marie Langevin', 'Deborah Dewey']","['Motor impairment is associated with developmental coordination disorder (DCD), and to a lesser extent with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Previous functional imaging studies investigated children with DCD or ADHD only; however, these two disorders co-occur in up to 50% of cases, suggesting that similar neural correlates are associated with these disorders. This study compared functional brain activation in children and adolescents (age range 8-17, M\u202f=\u202f11.73, SD\u202f=\u202f2.88) with DCD (n\u202f=\u202f9), ADHD (n\u202f=\u202f20), co-occurring DCD and ADHD (n\u202f=\u202f18) and typically developing (TD) controls (n\u202f=\u202f20). When compared to TD controls, children with co-occurring DCD/ADHD showed decreased activation during response inhibition in primary motor and sensory cortices. These findings suggest that children with co-occurring DCD and ADHD display significant functional changes in brain activation that could interfere with inhibition of erroneous motor responses. In contrast to previous studies, significant alterations in brain activation relative to TD controls, were not found in children with isolated DCD or ADHD. These findings highlight the importance of considering co-occurring disorders when investigating brain function in children with neurodevelopmental disorders.']"32649776,"Neonatal jaundice, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and familial effects: A Swedish register study with sibling analysis.","['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'neonatal jaundice', 'register study', 'siblings']","['Isabelle Le Ray', 'Chen Wang', 'Catarina Almqvist', 'Paul Lichtenstein', ""Brian M D'Onofrio"", 'Stefan Johansson', 'Henrik Larsson', 'Mina A Rosenqvist']","[StringElement('Neonatal jaundice is associated with higher risk of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but it is unclear if the association is influenced by genetic and other familial factors. In this large population-based study, we investigated the association between neonatal jaundice and ADHD while adjusting for familial factors.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM'}), StringElement('We linked several Swedish registers to identify all singleton births without congenital malformations between 1992 and 2000 (n\xa0=\xa0814\xa0420, including 384\xa0290 full siblings) and followed them up until 2009. We calculated hazard ratios (HRs) for the association between neonatal jaundice and ADHD, adjusting for pregnancy, delivery and neonatal characteristics including prematurity, and parental age and education. We repeated the analyses among siblings to adjust for shared familial factors.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('At a population level, children treated for neonatal jaundice had an increased risk of ADHD (adjusted HR (aHR): 1.13, 95% CI: 1.05-1.22). In the sibling comparisons, there was no clear association between neonatal jaundice and ADHD (aHR: 1.03, 95% CI: 0.82-1.29).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We found no evidence of an independent association between neonatal jaundice and ADHD within siblings in this large population-based study, suggesting that the association is probably influenced by shared familial factors, such as parental genetic and/or lifestyle effects.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35838891,Periodontal outcomes of children and adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.,"['Adolescent', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Child', 'Oral health', 'Periodontal disease']","['V Z Drumond', 'A A Andrade', 'J A A de Arruda', 'R A Mesquita', 'L G Abreu']","[StringElement('This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to answer the following question: Are children and adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) more likely to have gingival or periodontal disease-related outcomes than their non-ADHD peers?', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Searches were conducted in the following databases: Embase, Scopus, Web of Science, and PubMed. Google Scholar and OpenGrey were also verified. Observational studies were included in which children and adolescents with ADHD were compared with their healthy peers in terms of gingival and/or periodontal endpoints. Bias appraisal was performed using the Joann Briggs tool for case-control and cross-sectional studies. Meta-analysis was performed using R language. Results are reported as mean difference (MD) and odds ratio (OR). Statistical analyses were performed in RStudio.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 149 records were identified in the searches. Seven studies were included. The meta-analysis showed that children and adolescents with ADHD had a higher mean gingival bleeding index (percentage) than their non-ADHD peers (MD\u2009=\u200911.25; CI\u2009=\u20090.08-22.41; I<sup>2</sup>\u2009=\u200973%). There was no difference between groups for plaque index (MD\u2009=\u20094.87; CI\u2009=\u2009-\u20092.56 to 12.30; I<sup>2</sup>\u2009=\u200963%) and gingivitis (OR\u2009=\u20091.42; CI\u2009=\u20090.22-9.21; I<sup>2</sup>\u2009=\u200976%). Regarding the assessment of risk of bias, the major issue found in the articles was the absence of analyses for the control of confounding factors.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Children and adolescents with ADHD had more gingival bleeding than their non-ADHD peers, but no difference regarding plaque or gingivitis was detected between groups.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('CRD42021258404.', attributes={'Label': 'CLINICAL REGISTRATION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"31995807,Association between Adult Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Intravenous Misuse of Opioid and Benzodiazepine in Patients under Opioid Maintenance Treatment: A Cross-Sectional Multicentre Study.,"[' Overdoses', 'Adult attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Benzodiazepine', 'Compliance', 'Concomitant drug use', 'Italy', 'Misused medications', 'Opiate', 'Opioid maintenance\xa0', 'Population-based study', 'Post-marketing surveillance', 'Survey study']","['Fabio Lugoboni', 'Lorenzo Zamboni', 'Elisa Mantovani', 'Mauro Cibin', 'Stefano Tamburin']","[StringElement('Intravenous misuse and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are common in patients under opioid maintenance treatment (OMT), who often misuse benzodiazepine (BZD).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To explore the rate of adult ADHD among patients under OMT in Italy and whether screening positive for adult ADHD is associated with OMT and BZD misuse and emergency room (ER) admission because of misuse.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We recruited 1,649 patients from 27 addiction units (AUs) in Italy and collected data on the self-reported rate of OMT intravenous misuse (prevalence, repeated misuse, main reason, temporal pattern in relation to AU access, experience), concurrent intravenous and intranasal BZD misuse (prevalence, type of misused BZD), ADHD and ER admissions because of misuse complications.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Screening positive for adult ADHD was found in 11.2% patients (ADHD+), with a significant gender difference (women: 15.3%, men: 10.3%). OMT misuse was reported by 24.4 and 18.5% patients during lifetime and in the previous 6 months respectively. BZD misuse was reported by 20.0 and 8.6% patients for intravenous and intranasal route respectively. Misuse was significantly more common in ADHD+ (OMT 27.4-33.1%, BZD 14.5-31.5%) than ADHD- group (OMT 17.4-23.3%, BZD 7.9-18.3%). The multivariate logistic regression model showed positive screening for ADHD to be significantly associated with intravenous OMT misuse in the previous 6 months, and intravenous/intranasal BZD misuse, independently of age, gender and route of previous heroin administration.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""Screening positive for adult ADHD was associated with OMT and BZD misuse. AU physicians and medical personnel should focus on OMT patient's features that are associated with a higher likelihood of misuse, in particular ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31506235,Functional EEG connectivity is a neuromarker for adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms.,"['Adult', 'Attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder', 'Dimensional psychiatry', 'Electroencephalography', 'Functional connectivity']","['Hanni Kiiski', 'Laura M Rueda-Delgado', 'Marc Bennett', 'Rachel Knight', 'Laura Rai', 'Darren Roddy', 'Katie Grogan', 'Jessica Bramham', 'Clare Kelly', 'Robert Whelan']","[StringElement('Altered brain functional connectivity has been shown in youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, relatively little is known about functional connectivity in adult ADHD, and how it is linked with the heritability of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We measured eyes-open and eyes-closed resting electroencephalography (EEG) from 38 adults with ADHD, 45 1st degree relatives of people with ADHD and 51 healthy controls. Functional connectivity among all scalp channels was calculated using a weighted phase lag index for delta, theta, alpha, beta and gamma frequency bands. A machine learning analysis using penalized linear regression was used to identify if connectivity features (10,080 connectivity pairs) could predict ADHD symptoms. Furthermore, we examined if EEG connectivity could accurately classify participants into ADHD, 1st degree relatives and/or control groups.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Hyperactive symptoms were best predicted by eyes-open EEG connectivity in delta, beta and gamma bands. Inattentive symptoms were predicted by eyes-open EEG connectivity in delta, alpha and gamma bands, and eyes-closed EEG connectivity in delta and gamma bands. EEG connectivity features did not reliably classify participants into groups.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('EEG connectivity may represent a neuromarker for ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('EEG connectivity may help elucidate the neural basis of adult ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'SIGNIFICANCE'})]"32424511,Video games for the assessment and treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review.,"['ADHD', 'Video games', 'e-health']","['Inmaculada Peñuelas-Calvo', 'Lin Ke Jiang-Lin', 'Braulio Girela-Serrano', 'David Delgado-Gomez', 'Rocio Navarro-Jimenez', 'Enrique Baca-Garcia', 'Alejandro Porras-Segovia']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a prevalent and serious disorder among children. Video games have shown potential for aiding in child healthcare. Video games could contribute to the assessment and management of ADHD, but there are no previous reviews on this topic. Here, we systematically review the evidence about video game-based assessment tools and interventions for children diagnosed with ADHD. This review followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. The review protocol was registered in PROSPERO database. We searched four databases-PubMed, PsycInfo, Embase and clinicaltrials.gov-to identify original studies exploring either video game-based interventions or video game-based assessment tools in children with ADHD. After initial screening, full text revision and study selection, 22 articles were finally included in the review. Most studies used PC as platform, with a minority using a video console, pad, or 3D device. Video game-based assessment tools were generally effective in discriminating ADHD cases from controls, and in discriminating between ADHD subtypes. Video game-based therapeutic interventions were well accepted and generally effective in improving cognitive areas and decreasing ADHD symptoms. Gamification and cognitive training could be the main mechanisms underlying the usefulness and effectiveness of video game-based assessment tools and interventions. Software optimization and greater collaboration between developers and healthcare professionals are some of the priorities for future research in this area.']"31747524,Listening Effort Among Adults With and Without Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,[],"['Riki Taitelbaum-Swead', 'Zvi Kozol', 'Leah Fostick']","['Purpose Few studies have assessed listening effort (LE)-the cognitive resources required to perceive speech-among populations with intact hearing but reduced availability of cognitive resources. Attention/deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is theorized to restrict attention span, possibly making speech perception in adverse conditions more challenging. This study examined the effect of ADHD on LE among adults using a behavioral dual-task paradigm (DTP). Method Thirty-nine normal-hearing adults (aged 21-27 years) participated: 19 with ADHD (ADHD group) and 20 without ADHD (control group). Baseline group differences were measured in visual and auditory attention as well as speech perception. LE using DTP was assessed as the performance difference on a visual-motor task versus a simultaneous auditory and visual-motor task. Results Group differences in attention were confirmed by differences in visual attention (larger reaction times between congruent and incongruent conditions) and auditory attention (lower accuracy in the presence of distractors) among the ADHD group, compared to the controls. LE was greater among the ADHD group than the control group. Nevertheless, no group differences were found in speech perception. Conclusions LE is increased among those with ADHD. As a DTP assumes limited cognitive capacity to allocate attentional resources, LE among those with ADHD may be increased because higher level cognitive processes are more taxed in this population. Studies on LE using a DTP should take into consideration mechanisms of selective and divided attention. Among young adults who need to continuously process great volumes of auditory and visual information, much more effort may be expended by those with ADHD than those without it. As a result, those with ADHD may be more prone to fatigue and irritability, similar to those who are engaged in more outwardly demanding tasks.']"35370947,Composition of the Gut Microbiota in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.,"['Blautia', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'dysbiosis', 'gut microbiota', 'systematic review and meta-analysis']","['Ning Wang', 'Xuping Gao', 'Zifeng Zhang', 'Li Yang']","[StringElement('The latest research accumulates information to explore the correlation between gut microbiota and neurodevelopmental disorders, which may lead to new approaches to treat diseases such as attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, the conclusions of previous studies are not completely consistent. The objective of the systematic review and meta-analysis was to identify evidence on the dysbiosis of gut microbiota in ADHD and find potential distinctive traits compared to healthy controls.', attributes={'Label': 'Background'}), StringElement('Electronic databases, including PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, and PsycINFO, were searched up to August 24, 2021, using predetermined terms. Meta-analysis was performed to estimate the comparison of microbiota profiles (alpha and beta diversity) and the relative abundance of gut microbiota in ADHD patients and healthy controls.', attributes={'Label': 'Methods'}), StringElement('A total of eight studies were included in the meta-analysis, containing 316 ADHD patients and 359 healthy controls. There was a higher Shannon index in ADHD patients than in healthy controls (SMD\u2009=\u20090.97; 95% CI, 0.13 to 1.82; <i>P</i>\u2009=\u20090.02; <i>I<sup>2</sup></i> \u2009=\u200996%), but the significance vanished after sensitivity analysis because of high heterogeneity. No significant differences in other alpha diversity indexes were found. Regarding the relative abundance of gut microbiota, the genus <i>Blautia</i> was significantly elevated in ADHD patients compared with controls (SMD\u2009=\u20090.34; 95% CI, 0.06 to 0.63; <i>P</i>\u2009=\u20090.02; <i>I<sup>2</sup></i> \u2009=\u20090%).', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('Patients with ADHD had gut microbiome alterations compared to healthy controls. Though more studies with strict methodology are warranted due to the high heterogeneity, further studies to translate the findings of gut microbiota dysbiosis to clinical application in ADHD patients are needed and may guide targeted therapies.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions'}), StringElement('[https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/display_record.php?RecordID=273993], identifier PROSPERO (CRD42021273993).', attributes={'Label': 'Systematic Review Registration'})]"34942230,A novel cis-regulatory variant modulating TIE1 expression associated with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in Han Chinese children.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Genetic association', 'Rs3768046', 'TIE1', 'Transcriptional regulation']","['Xinzhen Chen', 'Ting Yao', 'Jinliang Cai', 'Qi Zhang', 'Shanyawen Li', 'Huiru Li', 'Xihang Fu', 'Jing Wu']","[StringElement('The genetic factors of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are far from fully elucidated. This study aims to get additional insight into the genetic structure of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('First, a transcriptome-wide association study and summary data-based Mendelian randomization analysis were performed to identify ADHD susceptibility genes. Then, genetic variants influencing the expression of the identified susceptibility genes were tested for association with ADHD risk in a sample of Han Chinese children (543 cases and 560 controls). Dual-luciferase reporter gene assays and electrophoretic mobility shift assays were performed to verify the transcriptional regulatory functions of the identified ADHD-associated variants. Additionally, real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction was applied to quantify the expression levels of target genes in blood samples.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Both TIE1 and MED8 were identified as ADHD susceptibility genes. Furthermore, we first found the G allele of rs3768046 was significantly associated with an increased risk of ADHD (recessive model: GG vs AA+AG, OR= 1.659, 95% CI= (1.262, 2.181); additive model: GG vs GA vs AA, OR= 1.493, 95% CI= (1.179, 1.890)). Additionally, in vitro functional experiments revealed that rs3768046 might alter TIE1 expression by affecting the binding sites of transcription factors. Moreover, the expression level of TIE1 in the blood samples of patients was significantly higher than that of controls.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Given the moderate statistical power of this study, it is necessary to verify our findings in other larger samples.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('Together, this study presents the first systematic evidence of TIE1 with potential implications for the genetic basis of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34352291,Polymorphisms in the FKBP5 gene are associated with attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder in Korean children.,"['ADHD', 'FKBP5', 'Genetic association', 'Korean children', 'Polymorphism', 'rs7748266']","['Hyung Jun Kim', 'Han Jun Jin']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common and heritable childhood psychiatric disorder. Recently, many studies reported a down-regulated hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis (HPA-axis) with low cortisol levels in children with ADHD. The FK506 binding protein 5 or FKBP5 gene regulates the negative feedback of the HPA-axis, and genetic variants in this gene showed an association with ADHD. We investigated the genetic association between FKBP5 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to ADHD in Korean children. We conducted a case-control study with 150 ADHD children and 322 controls. Genotyping of FKBP5 rs9394309 and rs7748266 was performed by using polymerase chain reaction - restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP). Our results showed that rs7748266 polymorphism has significant genotype (p = 0.021) and allele (p = 0.009) frequency differences between children with ADHD and the control group. CT genotype [odds ratio (OR) 1.70, 95 % confidence interval (CI) 1.134-2.540, p = 0.010] and T allele (OR 1.54, 95 % CI 1.114-2.117, p = 0.009) were associated with increased risk of ADHD. In addition, dominant (p = 0.006) and over-dominant genetic (p = 0.016) models showed significant associations with ADHD. In the stratified analysis, a significant result was obtained from the girl samples (p = 0.048). The OR of the girls with ADHD with CT genotype was 2.29 (95 % CI 1.170-4.469, p = 0.014). In contrast to rs7748266 polymorphism, rs9394309 polymorphism did not show any significant result (p > 0.05). Haplotype analysis also revealed a significant difference of the TG haplotype for rs7748266 - rs9394309 (p = 0.028, global haplotype association p-value of 0.0091). Conclusively, we confirmed that FKBP5 gene polymorphisms were associated with ADHD in Korean children. These results suggested that FKBP5 may factor in the development of ADHD.']"25296928,Cognitive Improvement of Attention and Inhibition in the Late Afternoon in Children With Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) Treated With Osmotic-Release Oral System Methylphenidate.,"['attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'long-acting medication', 'treatment']","['Hichem Slama', 'Patrick Fery', 'Denis Verheulpen', 'Nathalie Vanzeveren', 'Patrick Van Bogaert']","['Long-acting medications have been developed and approved for use in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). These compounds are intended to optimize and maintain symptoms control throughout the day. We tested prolonged effects of osmotic-release oral system methylphenidate on both attention and inhibition, in the late afternoon. A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study was conducted in 36 boys (7-12 years) with ADHD and 40 typically developing children. The ADHD children received an individualized dose of placebo or osmotic-release oral system methylphenidate. They were tested about 8 hours after taking with 2 continuous performance tests (continuous performance test-X [CPT-X] and continuous performance test-AX [CPT-AX]) and a counting Stroop. A positive effect of osmotic-release oral system methylphenidate was present in CPT-AX with faster and less variable reaction times under osmotic-release oral system methylphenidate than under placebo, and no difference with typically developing children. In the counting Stroop, we found a decreased interference with osmotic-release oral system methylphenidate but no difference between children with ADHD under placebo and typically developing children. ']"35230142,"A Long-Term, Open-Label Safety and Tolerability Study of Lisdexamfetamine Dimesylate in Children Aged 4-5 Years with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.","['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'efficacy', 'lisdexamfetamine dimesylate', 'preschool-aged children', 'safety', 'tolerability']","['Ann C Childress', 'Eric Lloyd', 'Steven A Johnson', 'Lhanoo Gunawardhana', 'Valerie Arnold']","['<b><i>Objective:</i></b> To evaluate the long-term safety and tolerability of lisdexamfetamine dimesylate (LDX) in preschool-aged children (4-5 years of age inclusive) diagnosed with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). <b><i>Methods:</i></b> This phase 3 open-label study (ClinicalTrials.gov registry: NCT02466386) enrolled children aged 4-5 years meeting <i>Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, Text Revision</i> (<i>DSM-IV-TR</i>) criteria for a primary ADHD diagnosis and having baseline ADHD Rating Scale-IV Preschool version total scores (ADHD-RS-IV-PS-TS) ≥24 for girls or ≥28 for boys and baseline Clinical Global Impressions-Severity scores ≥4. Participants were directly enrolled or enrolled after completing one of two antecedent short-term LDX studies. Over 52 weeks of treatment, participants received once-daily dose-optimized LDX (5-30\u2009mg). Safety and tolerability assessments included treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) and vital sign changes. Clinical outcomes included ADHD-RS-IV-PS-TS changes from baseline. <b><i>Results:</i></b> Among 113 participants in the safety set, optimized LDX dose was 5, 10, 15, 20, and 30\u2009mg in 1 (0.9%), 12 (10.6%), 21 (18.6%), 26 (23.0%), and 53 (46.9%) participants, respectively. Of the safety set, 69 participants (61.1%) completed the study. TEAEs were reported in 76.1% of participants; no serious TEAEs were reported. Only one type of TEAE was reported in >10% of participants (decreased appetite, 15.9%). Mean\u2009±\u2009standard deviation (SD) changes in vital signs and body weight from baseline to week 52/or early termination (ET; <i>n</i>\u2009=\u2009101) were 1.9\u2009±\u20097.73\u2009mmHg for systolic blood pressure, 3.1\u2009±\u20097.58\u2009mmHg for diastolic blood pressure, 4.7\u2009±\u200911.00\u2009bpm for pulse, and 0.6\u2009±\u20091.38\u2009kg for body weight. Over the course of the study, mean\u2009±\u2009SD change in ADHD-RS-IV-PS-TS from baseline to week 52/ET was -24.2\u2009±\u200913.34 (<i>n</i>\u2009=\u200987). <b><i>Conclusions:</i></b> In this long-term 52-week study of children aged 4-5 years with ADHD, dose-optimized LDX (5-30\u2009mg) was well tolerated and associated with reductions from baseline in ADHD symptoms.']"32777325,Altered cortical functional network in drug-naive adult male patients with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: A resting-state electroencephalographic study.,"['Adult ADHD', 'Cortical functional network', 'Drug-naive', 'Graph theory', 'Resting-state EEG']","['Sungkean Kim', 'Ji Sun Kim', 'Young Joon Kwon', 'Hwa Young Lee', 'Jae Hyun Yoo', 'Yeon Jung Lee', 'Se-Hoon Shim']","['Relatively little is known about the neurophysiology of adult Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Brain network analysis can yield important insights into the neuropathology in adult ADHD. The objective of this study was to investigate source-level cortical functional network using resting-state electroencephalography (EEG) in drug-naive adult patients with ADHD. Resting-state EEG was performed for 30 adult male patients with ADHD and 27 male healthy controls. Source-level weighted functional networks based on graph theory were evaluated, including strength, clustering coefficient (CC) and path length (PL) in six frequency bands. At the global level, strength (η<sup>2</sup>\xa0=\xa00.167) and CC (η<sup>2</sup>\xa0=\xa00.156) were lower while PL (η<sup>2</sup>\xa0=\xa00.159) was higher for the high beta band in the ADHD patient group compared to healthy controls. At the nodal level, CCs of the high beta band were lower in the left middle temporal gyrus (η<sup>2</sup>\xa0=\xa00.244), right inferior occipital cortex (η<sup>2</sup>\xa0=\xa00.214), right posterior transverse collateral sulcus (η<sup>2</sup>\xa0=\xa00.237), and right anterior occipital sulcus (η<sup>2</sup>\xa0=\xa00.251) for the adult ADHD group. Furthermore, the nodal-level high beta band CCs of the left middle temporal gyrus and right anterior occipital sulcus were significantly negatively correlated with ADHD symptoms. The altered cortical functional network showed inefficient connectivity in the left middle temporal gyrus, belonging to the default mode network, the right inferior occipital cortex, belonging to the extrastriate visual resting state network, the right posterior transverse collateral sulcus, belonging to the visual network, and the anterior occipital sulcus, reflecting visual attention, which might affect the pathophysiology of ADHD. Taken together, these attenuated network inefficiencies in adult patients with ADHD may lead to suboptimal information processing and affect symptoms of ADHD, such as inattention and hyperactivity. Our findings should be further replicated using longitudinal study designs.']"29362929,Does the efficacy of parent-child training depend on maternal symptom improvement? Results from a randomized controlled trial on children and mothers both affected by attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['Maternal ADHD', 'Parent–child training', 'Treatment response']","['Alexander Häge', 'Barbara Alm', 'Tobias Banaschewski', 'Katja Becker', 'Michael Colla', 'Christine Freitag', 'Julia Geissler', 'Alexander von Gontard', 'Erika Graf', 'Barbara Haack-Dees', 'Susann Hänig', 'Klaus Hennighausen', 'Sarah Hohmann', 'Christian Jacob', 'Charlotte Jaite', 'Christine Jennen-Steinmetz', 'Viola Kappel', 'Swantje Matthies', 'Alexandra Philipsen', 'Luise Poustka', 'Wolfgang Retz', 'Michael Rösler', 'Katja Schneider-Momm', 'Esther Sobanski', 'Timo D Vloet', 'Andreas Warnke', 'Thomas Jans']","[""Multimodal treatment of children with ADHD often includes parent-child training (PCT). However, due to the high heritability, parents of children with ADHD are frequently also affected by the disorder, which is likely to constitute a significant barrier to successful treatment of the child. This secondary analysis of our randomized controlled multicentre AIMAC trial (ADHD in mothers and children) investigates whether children's outcomes following parent-child training in combination with maternal ADHD treatment depend on maternal symptom improvement. In a first step focusing on treatment of maternal ADHD, 144 mothers of mother-child dyads were randomized to multimodal ADHD treatment (group psychotherapy plus methylphenidate) or clinical management (mainly supportive counselling). After 12\xa0weeks (T2), a 12-week PCT program (T2-T3) for all mother-child dyads was added to treat children's ADHD. Maternal symptomatology (CAARS-O:L; SCL-90-R) and children's externalizing symptoms (ADHD-ODD Scale, SDQ) were repeatedly assessed (T1\xa0=\xa0baseline, T2, T3). Effects of changes in maternal symptomatology (T1-T2) on the change in children's symptom scores (T1-T3) were analysed using a general linear model, controlling for baseline scores, study centre, and maternal treatment group. 125 mother-child dyads were analysed. Mothers showed significant improvements in ADHD symptoms and overall psychopathology [CAARS-O:L ADHD index: mean - 3.54, SE 0.74 p\xa0<\xa00.0001; SCL-90-R Global Severity (GS): mean - 11.03, SE 3.90, p\xa0=\xa00.0056]. Although children's externalizing symptoms improved significantly (ADHD-ODD Scale: mean - 4.46, SE 0.58, p\xa0<\xa00.0001), maternal improvement had no effect on children's outcomes after Bonferroni-Holm correction for multiple testing. The findings do not support our hypothesis that children's outcomes following PCT for ADHD depend on maternal symptom improvements.Trial register CCT-ISRCTN73911400.""]"28992996,Attention profiles in childhood absence epilepsy compared with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Childhood absence epilepsy', 'Continuous performance task']","['Hyun-Jeong Lee', 'Eun-Hee Kim', 'Mi-Sun Yum', 'Tae-Sung Ko', 'Hyo-Won Kim']","[StringElement('This study aimed to compare the attention profiles of subjects with childhood absence epilepsy (CAE) to those of children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and controls.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of 20 children (age 7.2\u202f±\u202f1.6\u202fyears, 5 boys) in whom CAE was diagnosed at the Department of Pediatric Neurology of Asan Medical Center, Seoul, Korea. ADHD and control subjects were selected from children who visited the Department of Pediatric Psychiatry and were confirmed as having or not having ADHD based on Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV) and the Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia for School-Age Children-Present and Lifetime version (K-SADS-PL). The 20 children with CAE, 20 with ADHD and 20 controls completed the Advanced Test of Attention (ATA), which is a computerized continuous performance task.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The CAE subjects without ADHD showed increased Omission errors (p=.013) on the visual ATA and Response time (p=0.044) on the auditory ATA than the controls, although these differences did not remain significant after multiple comparison correction. The CAE subjects without ADHD had significantly decreased Response time variability on the visual ATA than the ADHD group (p<0.001). The CAE subjects with comorbid ADHD showed increased Commission errors (p=0.020) and Response time variability (p=0.016) on the visual ATA and increased Commission errors (p=0.022) on the auditory ATA than the CAE subjects without ADHD, although statistical significance disappeared after multiple comparison adjustments.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These findings suggest that selective attention is impaired in children with CAE and comorbid ADHD contributes to further impairment of sustained attention and response inhibition.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34637343,"Efficacy and Safety of a Long-Acting Multilayer-Release Methylphenidate Formulation (PRC-063) in the Treatment of Adolescent Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Randomized, Double-Blind Clinical Trial with a 6-Month Open-Label Extension.","['Adhansia XR', 'Foquest', 'adolescents', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'methylphenidate', 'stimulant']","['Margaret D Weiss', 'Andrew J Cutler', 'Scott H Kollins', 'Graeme A E Donnelly']","['<b><i>Objectives:</i></b> To study the safety and efficacy of the long-acting methylphenidate formulation PRC-063 in adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). <b><i>Methods:</i></b> Adolescents 12 to ≤17 years who met <i>Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders</i> (DSM)-5 criteria for ADHD and had a baseline ADHD Rating Scale DSM-5 (ADHD-5-RS) score ≥24 participated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, fixed-dose, parallel-group study. Participants were randomized 1:1:1:1:1 to receive placebo or one of four doses of PRC-063 once daily for 4 weeks. The primary endpoint was change from baseline in least-squares mean clinician-rated ADHD-5-RS total score for PRC-063 (all doses combined) versus placebo. Other efficacy assessments included Conners third Edition: Self-Report (C3SR) and Clinical Global Impression-Improvement (CGI-I). A subset of double-blind study participants entered a subsequent open-label, dose-optimized study. Safety outcomes in both studies included treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs). <b><i>Results:</i></b> Three hundred fifty-four participants were included in the primary analysis. The least-squares mean change from baseline in ADHD-5-RS total score was -15.17 for PRC-063 versus -10.98 for placebo (least-squares mean difference -4.2, <i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.0067). For individual PRC-063 doses, improvements in ADHD-5-RS total score versus placebo were significant for 45\u2009mg (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.0155) and 70\u2009mg (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.0401), but not for 25 or 85\u2009mg. A significant improvement for PRC-063 versus placebo was recorded for C3SR Inattention (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.0168), but not for the other C3SR subscales. About 52.7% of participants randomized to PRC-063 were responders based on CGI-I versus 32.4% of those randomized to placebo (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.0004). Further improvements in ADHD symptoms based on ADHD-5-RS were observed from 1 month through 6 months of open-label treatment (<i>p</i>\u2009<\u20090.0001). There were two serious adverse events (both during the open-label study), one of which (aggressive behavior) was assessed as related to study drug. The only TEAEs that occurred in >10% of participants during double-blind treatment were decreased appetite (20.1%) and headache (15.0%). Most TEAEs were of mild or moderate severity. <b><i>Conclusion:</i></b> PRC-063 significantly improved ADHD symptomatology in adolescents. It was generally well tolerated, with an AE profile consistent with other long-acting stimulants. NCT02139111 and NCT02168127.']"34614247,"Surface values, volumetric measurements and radiomics of structural MRI for the diagnosis and subtyping of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.","['MRI T1-weighted images', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'radiomics', 'surface values', 'volumetric measurements']","['Liting Shi', 'Xuechun Liu', 'Keqing Wu', 'Kui Sun', 'Chunsen Lin', 'Zhengmei Li', 'Shuying Zhao', 'Xiuqin Fan']","[""Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is diagnosed subjectively based on an individual's behaviour and performance. The clinical community has no objective biomarker to inform the diagnosis and subtyping of ADHD. This study aimed to explore the potential diagnostic biomarkers of ADHD among surface values, volumetric metrics and radiomic features that were extracted from structural MRI images. Public data of New York University and Peking University were downloaded from the ADHD-200 Consortium. MRI T1-weighted images were pre-processed using CAT12. We calculated surface values based on the Desikan-Killiany atlas. The volumetric metrics (mean grey matter volume and mean white matter volume) and radiomic features within each automated anatomical labelling (AAL) brain area were calculated using DPABI and IBEX, respectively. The differences among three groups of participants were tested using ANOVA or Kruskal-Wallis test depending on the normality of the data. We selected discriminative features and classified typically developing controls (TDCs) and ADHD patients as well as two ADHD subtypes using least absolute shrinkage and selection operator and support vector machine algorithms. Our results showed that the radiomics-based model outperformed the others in discriminating ADHD from TDC and classifying ADHD subtypes (area under the curve [AUC]: 0.78 and 0.94 in training test; 0.79 and 0.85 in testing set). Combining grey matter volumes, surface values and clinical factors with radiomic features can improve the performance for classifying ADHD patients and TDCs with training and testing AUCs of 0.82 and 0.83, respectively. This study demonstrates that MRI T1-weighted features, especially radiomic features, are potential diagnostic biomarkers of ADHD.""]"31756336,Caffeine and adenosine A<sub>2A</sub> receptors rescue neuronal development in vitro of frontal cortical neurons in a rat model of attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder.,"['Adenosine', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Axons', 'Caffeine', 'Dendrites', 'Neuronal development', 'Neurons']","['Catiane B Alves', 'Amanda S Almeida', 'Daniela M Marques', 'Ana Helena L Faé', 'Ana Carolina L Machado', 'Diogo L Oliveira', 'Luis Valmor C Portela', 'Lisiane O Porciúncula']","['Although some studies have supported the effects of caffeine for treatment of Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), there were no evidences about its effects at the neuronal level. In this study, we sought to find morphological alterations during in vitro development of frontal cortical neurons from Spontaneoulsy hypertensive rats (SHR, an ADHD rat model) and Wistar-Kyoto rats (WKY, control strain). Further, we investigated the effects of caffeine and adenosine A<sub>1</sub> and A<sub>2A</sub> receptors (A<sub>1</sub>R and A<sub>2A</sub>R) signaling. Cultured cortical neurons from WKY and SHR were analyzed by immunostaining of microtubule-associated protein 2 (MAP-2) and tau protein after treatment with either caffeine, or A<sub>1</sub>R and A<sub>2A</sub>R agonists or antagonists. Besides, the involvement of PI3K and not PKA signaling was also assessed. Neurons from ADHD model displayed less neurite branching, shorter maximal neurite length and decreased axonal outgrowth. While caffeine recovered neurite branching and elongation from ADHD neurons via both PKA and PI3K signaling, A<sub>2A</sub>R agonist (CGS 21680) promoted more neurite branching via PKA signaling. The selective A<sub>2A</sub>R antagonist (SCH 58261) was efficient in recovering axonal outgrowth from ADHD neurons through PI3K and not PKA signaling. For the first time, frontal cortical neurons were isolated from ADHD model and they presented disturbances in the differentiation and outgrowth. By showing that caffeine and A<sub>2A</sub>R may act at neuronal level rescuing ADHD neurons outgrowth, our findings strengthen the potential of caffeine and A<sub>2A</sub>R receptors as an adjuvant for ADHD treatment.']"34979636,Machine Learning Techniques for the Diagnosis of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder from Magnetic Resonance Imaging: A Concise Review.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'functional brain connectivity networks', 'machine learning', 'magnetic resonance imaging', 'morphometry']","['R Periyasamy', 'V S Vibashan', 'George Tom Varghese', 'M A Aleem']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neuro-developmental disease commonly seen in children and it is diagnosed via extensive interview procedures, behavioral studies, third-party observations, and comprehensive personal history. ADHD causes regional atrophy in brain regions and alters the pattern of functional brain connectivity networks. Automated/computerized methods based on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) can replace subjective methods for the identification of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The aim of this study was to analyze various machine-learning algorithms for ADHD by feeding in vital input features extracted from functional brain connectivity and different existing methods and to review factors crucial for the diagnosis of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This paper is a concise review of machine learning methods for the diagnosis of ADHD from MRI. Techniques for feature extraction, dimensionality reduction/feature selection, and classification, employed in the computerized techniques for the diagnosis of ADHD from MRI and the accuracy of classification offered by the individual methods, are focussed on the review.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Machine learning algorithms with features of functional brain connectivity networks as input, with hierarchical sparse feature elimination, exhibits the highest accuracy. Augmentation of the behavioral features does not contribute much to increased accuracy. The level of accuracy offered by the frameworks meant for the computer-aided diagnosis of ADHD, available in the literature, does not justify their feasibility in clinical practice. Computerized methods that exploit highly specific biomarkers of ADHD like brain iron concentration in Globus Pallidus, Putamen, Caudate nucleus, and thalamus as features are not available.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34961363,"Cognitive, social, and behavioral manifestations of the co-occurrence of autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A systematic review.","['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'neurodevelopmental disorders', 'systematic review']","['Rocio Rosello', 'Jose Martinez-Raga', 'Alvaro Mira', 'Juan Carlos Pastor', 'Marco Solmi', 'Samuele Cortese']","[StringElement('This work aimed to review recent research on the characteristics of individuals who have both autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder due to their high co-occurrence. Thirty-four studies were analyzed and main findings summarized in two content domains focusing on areas that could enhance our understanding of the cognitive and behavioral characteristics of individuals with autism spectrum disorder\u2009+\u2009attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ASD+). Most of the results suggested that ASD+ is a co-occurring condition associated with more severe impairments in cognitive functioning, adaptive behavior, and increased likelihood to present more emotional/behavioral problems. These results will be helpful to provide improved care plans for individuals with both attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'LAY ABSTRACT'})]"33372435,"Sensory profile, ferritin and zinc levels in preschool-aged children with symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.","['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'ferritin', 'sensory profile', 'zinc']","['Tuba Çelen Yoldaş', 'Meral Huri', 'Hülya Kayıhan', 'Jale Karakaya', 'Elif N Özmert']","[StringElement('Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common neurodevelopmental disorders and has a big impact on the well-being of children. The disorder can lead to noticeable functional limitations for children and bio-ecological factors also contribute to symptoms of ADHD. We aimed to investigate the associations between ADHD symptoms and some related bio-ecological factors including serum ferritin, zinc levels and sensory processing in preschool-aged children.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Twenty-two children who had been referred to the division of Developmental Pediatrics because of ADHD symptoms and 22 participants from the general pediatric outpatient clinics were included in the study. The symptoms of ADHD were evaluated with Conners` Parent Rating Scale-Revised Short form. Complete blood count, serum ferritin and zinc levels were also evaluated. A blind occupational therapist implemented sensory processing measurements. The characteristics of each participant such as prematurity, perinatal complications, developmental practices and sociodemographic data were also considered.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Sensory processing measurement analysis revealed that all Sensory Profile scores were significantly lower in the children with ADHD symptoms compared to the control group indicating that the child shows the behavior more than desired. The low level of zinc (p=0.026, OR=6.153, 95% CI= 1.247-30.362) and the presence of perinatal complications (p=0.045, OR=10.864, 95% CI=1.059-111.499) increased the risk of ADHD symptoms. We could not find an association for ferritin levels in our study.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The evaluation of zinc level and sensory profile parallel to other strategies can be recommended during the management of ADHD symptoms in preschool children.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"27889187,Maternal Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and Risk for Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in the Offspring.,"['Attention-deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Autism spectrum disorder', 'Comorbidity', 'Epidemiology', 'Matched case-control study', 'Polycystic ovary syndrome', 'Prospective study']","['Kyriaki Kosidou', 'Christina Dalman', 'Linnea Widman', 'Stefan Arver', 'Brian K Lee', 'Cecilia Magnusson', 'Renee M Gardner']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most common childhood neurodevelopmental disorder, and boys are two to three times more likely to develop ADHD. Maternal polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), a common metabolic disorder associated with excess circulating androgens, has been associated with increased risk for autism spectrum disorder in the offspring. In this study, we aimed to investigate whether maternal PCOS increases the risk for ADHD in the offspring.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We conducted a matched case-control study using health and population data registers for all children born in Sweden from 1984 to 2008. Maternal PCOS was defined by ICD-coded register diagnosis. The outcome of ADHD was defined as an ICD-coded register diagnosis of ADHD and/or registered prescription of medications to treat ADHD. A total of 58,912 ADHD cases (68.8% male) were identified and matched to 499,998 unaffected controls by sex and birth month and year.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Maternal PCOS increased the odds of offspring ADHD by 42% after adjustment for confounders (odds ratio [OR], 1.42; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.26-1.58). Exclusion of ADHD cases with comorbid autism spectrum disorder attenuated but did not explain the relationship (OR, 1.34; 95% CI, 1.18-1.52). The risk was somewhat elevated for ADHD with comorbid autism spectrum disorder (OR, 1.76; 95% CI, 1.37-2.26). The risk for ADHD was higher among obese mothers with PCOS (OR, 1.68; 95% CI, 1.31-2.17) and was highest among obese mothers with PCOS and other features of metabolic syndrome (OR, 2.59; 95% CI, 1.02-6.58).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This study provides evidence that maternal PCOS may subtly influence the neurodevelopment of the offspring, resulting in increased risk for neurodevelopmental disorders such as ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35476068,Association Between Pharmacological Treatment of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Long-term Unemployment Among Working-Age Individuals in Sweden.,[],"['Lin Li', 'Zheng Chang', 'Jiangwei Sun', 'Andreas Jangmo', 'Le Zhang', 'Lars Magnus Andersson', 'Tamara Werner-Kiechle', 'Ewa Ahnemark', ""Brian M D'Onofrio"", 'Henrik Larsson']","[StringElement('Adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are at greater risk for unemployment. Pharmacological treatment is effective in reducing the core symptoms of ADHD, but whether it helps to reduce the unemployment rate among adult patients remains unclear.', attributes={'Label': 'Importance'}), StringElement('To investigate the association between use of ADHD medication and long-term unemployment in working-age adults with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'Objective'}), StringElement('Data for this population-based cohort study were extracted from Swedish national registers. Among 25\u202f358 individuals with ADHD born from 1958 to 1978, 12\u202f875 middle-aged adults among the workforce were included. The longitudinal cohort was followed up from January 1, 2008, to December 31, 2013. Data were analyzed from March 1, 2020, through May 31, 2021.', attributes={'Label': 'Design, Setting, and Participants'}), StringElement('Use of medication for ADHD during the previous 2 years was the main exposure, as both categorical and continuous variables.', attributes={'Label': 'Exposures'}), StringElement('Yearly accumulated unemployed days were derived from the Public Employment Service, and long-term unemployment was defined as 90 or more days of unemployment per year. Overall and sex-specific relative risks (RRs) with 95% CIs were estimated using generalized estimating equations.', attributes={'Label': 'Main Outcomes and Measures'}), StringElement('Among 12\u202f875 individuals with ADHD (5343 women [41.50%] and 7532 men [58.50%]; mean [SD] age, 37.9 [5.6] years), the use of ADHD medications during the previous 2 years was associated with a 10% lower risk of long-term unemployment in the following year (adjusted RR, 0.90 [95% CI, 0.87-0.95]). An association between use of ADHD medications and long-term unemployment was found among women (RR, 0.82 [95% CI, 0.76-0.89]) but not men (RR, 0.96 [95% CI, 0.91-1.01]). Longer treatment duration was associated with a lower risk of subsequent long-term unemployment among women (RR for use of 1-6 months, 0.86 [95% CI, 0.78-0.95]; RR for use of 18-24 months, 0.72 [95% CI, 0.58-0.90]; P < .001 for trend). Within-individual comparisons showed that the long-term unemployment rate was lower during periods of ADHD medication treatment compared with nontreatment periods (RR, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.85-0.94).', attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('The findings of this cohort study suggest that the use of ADHD medication is associated with a lower risk of subsequent long-term unemployment for middle-aged women. These findings should be considered together with the existing knowledge of risks and benefits of ADHD medication when developing treatment plans for working-age adults.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions and Relevance'})]"29450820,Overlapping and Distinct Cognitive Impairments in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity and Autism Spectrum Disorder without Intellectual Disability.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Autism spectrum disorders (ASD)', 'Diffusion model', 'Executive function', 'Neuropsychology', 'Reaction time variability']","['Sarah L Karalunas', 'Elizabeth Hawkey', 'Hanna Gustafsson', 'Meghan Miller', 'Marybeth Langhorst', 'Michaela Cordova', 'Damien Fair', 'Joel T Nigg']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) are commonly comorbid, share genetic liability, and often exhibit overlapping cognitive impairments. Clarification of shared and distinct cognitive effects while considering comorbid symptoms across disorders has been lacking. In the current study, children ages 7-15\xa0years assigned to three diagnostic groups:ADHD (n\u2009=\u2009509), ASD (n\u2009=\u200997), and controls (n\u2009=\u2009301) completed measures spanning the cognitive domains of attention/arousal, working memory, set-shifting, inhibition, and response variability. Specific processes contributing to response variability were examined using a drift diffusion model, which separately quantified drift rate (i.e., efficiency of information processing), boundary separation (i.e., speed-accuracy trade-offs), and non-decision time. Children with ADHD and ASD were impaired on attention/arousal, processing speed, working memory, and response inhibition, but did not differ from controls on measures of delayed reward discounting, set-shifting, or interference control. Overall, impairments in the ASD group were not attributable to ADHD symptoms using either continuous symptom measures or latent categorical grouping approaches. Similarly, impairments in the ADHD group were not attributable to ASD symptoms. When specific RT parameters were considered, children with ADHD and ASD shared impairments in drift rate. However, children with ASD were uniquely characterized by a wider boundary separation. Findings suggest a combination of overlapping and unique patterns of cognitive impairment for children with ASD as compared to those with ADHD, particularly when the processes underlying reaction time measures are considered separately.']"28406351,Substance Use in Undergraduate Students With Histories of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD): The Role of Impulsivity.,"['ADHD', 'college students', 'emerging adulthood', 'impulsivity', 'substance use']","['Theresa E Egan', 'Anne E Dawson', 'Brian T Wymbs']","[StringElement('Emerging adulthood (18-25\xa0years old) is regarded as a time of identity exploration that includes a peak in risky behaviors, such as substance use and misuse. Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is also associated with greater levels of risky behaviors, including substance use and misuse; however, there is a lack of research on substance use by emerging adults with ADHD, in particular the potential mechanisms that may facilitate this risk.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The present study builds on the existing research regarding the association between ADHD and substance use by examining roles of multiple facets of impulsivity in facilitating this association during emerging adulthood.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('In a sample of 197 undergraduate students (24 students with an ADHD diagnostic history), we assessed for components of impulsivity (e.g., urgency, sensation-seeking) and rates of alcohol abuse, tobacco use, cannabis use, illicit drug use, and stimulant medication misuse within the past year.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Findings indicate that facets of impulsivity, as a whole, explained the association between an ADHD diagnostic history and both illicit drug use and alcohol abuse such that students with ADHD histories tended to report higher levels of impulsivity, which increased risk of alcohol abuse and illicit drug use. Higher levels of specific facets of impulsivity, particularly negative urgency, also facilitated associations between having ADHD and engaging in most forms of substance use tested herein. Conclusions/Importance: Specific facets of impulsivity appear to be important mediators of the association between ADHD and substance use, and should be considered as potential targets of substance use interventions for this population.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'})]"28534123,Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms and psychological comorbidity in eating disorder patients.,"['Anorexia nervosa', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Bulimia nervosa', 'Eating disorders']","['L Sala', 'G Martinotti', 'M L Carenti', 'L Romo', 'M Oumaya', 'A Pham-Scottez', 'F Rouillon', 'P Gorwood', 'L Janiri']","[StringElement('There is some evidence that eating disorders (ED) and Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) share common clinical features and that ADHD might contribute to the severity of eating disorders. A greater understanding of how the presence of comorbid ADHD may affect the psychopathological framework of eating disorder seems of primary importance. The aim of our study was to evaluate rates of ADHD in three ED subgroups of inpatients: anorexia nervosa restricting type (AN-R), anorexia nervosa binge-eating/purging type (AN-BP) and bulimia nervosa (BN). The secondary aim was the evaluation of the associated psychological characteristics.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The sample consisted of 73 females inpatients (mean age 28.07\xa0±\xa07.30), all with longstanding histories of eating disorder (ED). The presence of a diagnosis of ADHD was evaluated in a clinical interview based on DSM-IV-TR criteria. The following psychometric instruments were used: the eating attitude test (EAT-40), the Bulimic Investigatory Test, Edinburgh (BITE), the Eating Disorder Inventory (EDI-2), the Wender Utah Rating Scale (WURS), the Brown Attention Deficit Disorder Scale (BADDS), the Hamilton scales for Anxiety (HAM-A) and Depression (HAM-D), and the Barrat Impulsivity Scale (BIS-10).', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Among the three ED subgroups, 13 patients reported comorbidity with ADHD; three in the AN-R subtype, nine in the AN-BP and one in the BN. The remaining 60 patients (n\xa0=\xa034 AN-R; n\xa0=\xa019 AN-BP; n\xa0=\xa07 BN) presented only a diagnosis of ED. The EAT (p\xa0=\xa00.04) and HAM-A (p\xa0=\xa00.02) mean scores were significantly higher in patients with comorbid ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In our study the comorbidity between ADHD and ED appeared to be frequent, particularly among patients with AN-BP. ED inpatients with higher level of anxiety and more abnormal eating attitudes and bulimic symptoms should be assessed for potentially associated ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30597295,"The relationship between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, bipolarity and mixed features in major depressive patients: Evidence from the BRIDGE-II-Mix Study.","['Affective instability', 'Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Bipolar Disorder', 'Course', 'Depression', 'Mixed features']","['G Vannucchi', 'P Medda', 'A Pallucchini', 'M Bertelli', 'J Angst', 'J-M Azorin', 'C Bowden', 'E Vieta', 'A H Young', 'S Mosolov', 'G Perugi']","[StringElement('This study primarily focused on the relationship between comorbid attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), mixed features and bipolarity in major depressive patients.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The sample comprised 2777 patients with Major Depressive Episode (MDE) enrolled in a multicentre, multinational study originally designed to assess different definitions of mixed depression. Socio-demographic, familial and clinical characteristics were compared in patients with (ADHD\u202f+\u202f) and without (ADHD-) comorbid ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Sixty-one patients (2.2%) met criteria for ADHD. ADHD was associated with a higher number of (hypo)manic symptoms during depression. Mixed depression was more represented in ADHD\u202f+\u202fpatients than in ADHD- using both DSM-5 and experimental criteria. Differences were maintained after removing overlapping symptoms between (hypo)mania and ADHD. ADHD in MDE was also associated with a variety of clinical and course features such as onset before the age of 20, first-degree family history of (hypo)mania, past history of antidepressant-induced (hypo)manic switches, higher number of depressive and affective episodes, atypical depressive features, higher rates of bipolarity specifier, psychiatric comorbidities with eating, anxiety and borderline personality disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The study was primarily designed to address mixed features in ADHD, with slightly reduced sensitivity to the diagnosis of ADHD. Other possible diagnostic biases due to heterogeneity of participating clinicians.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('In a sample of major depressive patients, the comorbid diagnosis of current ADHD is associated with bipolar diathesis, mixed features, multiple psychiatric comorbidity and a more unstable course. Further prospective studies are necessary to confirm the possible mediating role of temperamental mood instability and emotional dysregulation in such a complex clinical presentation.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30338854,Investigating the childhood symptom profile of community-based individuals diagnosed with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder as adults.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'adulthood', 'age of onset', 'twin study']","['Mark J Taylor', 'Henrik Larsson', 'Christopher Gillberg', 'Paul Lichtenstein', 'Sebastian Lundström']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is currently defined as a disorder with onset during childhood. Although ADHD occurs in adults as well as children, recent debate has focused on whether adult ADHD represents a continuation of a child-onset disorder or if ADHD may, in at least some cases, have an adult onset. We therefore aimed to test the hypothesis of adult-onset ADHD using a sample born relatively recently (1992-1999) in order to minimize confounding by secular changes in diagnostic practices.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We identified 74 individuals with a community diagnosis of ADHD first assigned during adulthood. We also identified individuals with childhood (N\xa0=\xa0194) and adolescent (N\xa0=\xa0394) community diagnoses of ADHD. These groups were compared with a comparison group (N\xa0=\xa014,474) on their childhood ADHD and neuropsychiatric symptoms, and rate of other psychiatric diagnoses during childhood.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Having an adulthood community diagnosis of ADHD was associated with a mean increase in childhood ADHD symptoms of approximately three times that of the comparison group. Individuals with an adult community diagnosis of ADHD also displayed more autistic traits, motor problems, learning difficulties, tics, and oppositional behavior. Forty two percent of these individuals, compared with 1% of comparison cases, had a psychiatric diagnosis other than ADHD as children. In post-hoc analyses of 21 ADHD cases showing few or no ADHD symptoms in childhood, we were unable to detect any other childhood symptomatology in only nine cases, of whom six were female.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our results indicate that alternative explanations for data that appear to show adult onset ADHD, such as sex biases in diagnostic practices, need rigorous testing before adult onset ADHD can be accepted as a valid clinical construct.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32270222,[Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in childhood and adolescence : Current state of research].,"['Developmental disorders', 'Epidemiology', 'Guidelines', 'Multimodal treatment', 'Pathogenesis']","['Alexander Häge', 'Sarah Hohmann', 'Sabina Millenet', 'Tobias Banaschewski']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), defined by the core symptoms impulsiveness, inattention and motor hyperactivity, is one of the most common neurodevelopmental disorders beginning in early childhood.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This article reviews the current state of research on the epidemiology, etiology, diagnostics and therapeutic interventions for ADHD in children and adolescents.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A selective literature search was carried out in PubMed with reference to the German S3 clinical guidelines on ADHD in children, adolescents and adults.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The epidemiological prevalence of ADHD in children is estimated to be 5.3%. The etiology is complex and heterogeneous and a\xa0high percentage of the phenotypic variance can be explained by genetic influences. The challenge of ADHD diagnostics is to exclude differential diagnoses while simultaneously identifying common coexisting psychiatric conditions. Treatment recommendations depend on the severity of symptoms. In severe ADHD pharmacotherapy should be considered as the first line intervention. Psychostimulants (various methylphenidate and amphetamine preparations) and the non-stimulants atomoxetine and guanfacine are approved in Germany for treatment of ADHD in children and adolescents. In milder cases as well as in preschool children, psychosocial interventions (including behavioral psychotherapy) are often sufficient.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS AND CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"26429569,Thought Disorder in Preschool Children with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Preschool', 'Story completion', 'Thought disorder']","['Amanda K Hutchison', 'Kimberly Kelsay', 'Ayelet Talmi', 'Kate Noonan', 'Randal G Ross']","[""Preschool identification of and intervention for psychiatric symptoms has the potential for lifelong benefits. However, preschool identification of thought disorder, a symptom associated with long term risk for social and cognitive dysfunction, has received little attention with previous work limited to examining preschoolers with severe emotional and behavioral dysregulation. Using story-stem methodology, 12 children with ADHD and 12 children without ADHD, ages 4.0-6.0\xa0years were evaluated for thought disorder. Thought disorder was reliably assessed (Cronbach's alpha\xa0=\xa0.958). Children with ADHD were significantly more likely than children without ADHD to exhibit thought disorder (75 vs 25\xa0%; Fischer's Exact Test\xa0=\xa0.0391). Thought disorder can be reliably assessed in preschool children and is present in preschool children with psychiatric illness including preschool children with ADHD. Thought disorder may be identifiable in preschool years across a broad range of psychiatric illnesses and thus may be an appropriate target of intervention.""]"33821771,"Sleep-related traits and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder comorbidity: Shared genetic risk factors, molecular mechanisms, and causal effects.","['ADHD', 'Mendelian randomisation', 'circadian rhythm', 'genetics', 'sleep']","['Marina Xavier Carpena', 'Carolina Bonilla', 'Alicia Matijasevich', 'Thais Martins-Silva', 'Julia P Genro', 'Mara Helena Hutz', 'Luis Augusto Rohde', 'Luciana Tovo-Rodrigues']","[StringElement('To evaluate the shared genetic components, common pathways and causal relationship between ADHD and sleep-related phenotypes.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('We used the largest genome-wide association summary statistics available for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and various sleep-related phenotypes (insomnia, napping, daytime dozing, snoring, ease getting up, daytime sleepiness, sleep duration and chronotype). We estimated the genomic correlation using cross-trait linkage disequilibrium score regression (LDSR) and investigated the potential common mechanisms using gene-based cross-trait metanalyses and functional enrichment analyses. The causal effect was estimated using two-sample Mendelian randomisation (TSMR), using the inverse variance weighted method as the main estimator.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A positive genomic correlation between insomnia, daytime napping, daytime dozing, snoring, daytime sleepiness, short and long sleep duration, and ADHD was observed. Insomnia, daytime sleepiness, and snoring shared genes with ADHD, that are involved in neurobiological functions and regulatory signalling pathways. The TSMR supported a causal effect of insomnia, daytime napping, and short sleep duration on ADHD, and of ADHD on long sleep duration and chronotype.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Comorbidity between sleep phenotypes and ADHD may be mediated by common genetic factors that play an important role in neuronal signalling pathways. A causal effect of sleep disturbances and short sleep duration on ADHD reinforced their role as predictors of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"31280897,Bereitschaftspotential and lateralized readiness potential in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: altered motor system activation and effects of methylphenidate.,"['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Bereitschaftspotential', 'Child', 'Event-related potentials', 'Methylphenidate', 'Supplementary motor area']","['Tomasz A Jarczok', 'Robert Haase', 'Annett Bluschke', 'Ulf Thiemann', 'Stephan Bender']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been linked to abnormal functioning of cortical motor areas such as the supplementary motor area, the premotor cortex and primary motor cortex (MI). The Bereitschaftspotential (BP) and lateralized readiness potential (LRP) are movement-related potentials generated by cortical motor areas. We hypothesized that the BP and LRP would be altered in children with ADHD. A group of 17 children with ADHD (mean age: 11.5\u202f±\u202f1.9 years) and a control group of 16 typically developing children (mean age: 12.2\xa0±\u202f2.0 years) performed movements at self-chosen irregular intervals while a 64-channel DC-EEG was registered. BP and LRP were calculated from the EEG. The ADHD group had significantly lower and on average positive BP amplitudes at Cz. In agreement with age-dependent maturation effects the LRP had a positive polarity in both groups, but lower amplitudes were found in the ADHD group without medication. The control group showed a mid-central negativity and a positivity over motor areas contra-lateral to the side of movement, whereas no negativity over Cz and a more diffuse positivity was found in the ADHD group. LRP group differences diminished after MPH administration as indicated by an interaction between group and time of measurement/medication. The cortical motor system shows altered functioning during movement preparation and initiation in children affected by ADHD. Positive Bereitschaftspotential polarities may represent delayed cortical maturation. Group differences of LRP were pharmacologically modulated by the catecholaminergic agent MPH.']"30036553,Mind wandering perspective on attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Default mode network', 'Executive control network', 'Mind wandering', 'Theory']","['Natali S Bozhilova', 'Giorgia Michelini', 'Jonna Kuntsi', 'Philip Asherson']","['Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a common neurodevelopmental disorder associated with a range of mental health, neurocognitive and functional problems. Although the diagnosis is based on descriptions of behaviour, individuals with ADHD characteristically describe excessive spontaneous mind wandering (MW). MW in individuals with ADHD reflects constant mental activity which lacks topic stability and content consistency. Based on this review of the neural correlates of ADHD and MW, we outline a new perspective on ADHD: the MW hypothesis. We propose that altered deactivation of the default mode network, and dysfunctional interaction with the executive control network, leads to excessive and spontaneous MW, which underpins symptoms and impairments of ADHD. We highlight that processes linked to the normal neural regulation of MW (context regulation, sensory decoupling, salience thresholds) are deficient in ADHD. MW-related measures could serve as markers of the disease process, as MW can be experimentally manipulated, as well as measured using rating scales, and experience sampling during both cognitive tasks and daily life. MW may therefore be a potential endophenotype.']"30266025,The effectiveness of methylphenidate in the management of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in people with intellectual disabilities: A systematic review.,"['ADHD', 'Child and adolescents', 'Intellectual disabilities', 'Methylphenidate', 'Treatment']","['Nick Tarrant', 'Meera Roy', 'Shoumitro Deb', 'Smita Odedra', 'Ameeta Retzer', 'Ashok Roy']","[StringElement('The effectiveness of psychostimulants, primarily methylphenidate (MPH), in the treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in the general population of typically growing children and adolescents is well established through many Randomised Controlled Trials (RCTs).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We carried out a systematic review of all the RCTs in people with intellectual disabilities (ID) that assessed effectiveness of MPH on the core ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We included 15 papers from 13 studies that were all on children and adolescents with ID (315 participants were on MPH and placebo respectively), 12 of which used a cross over design, and one used a parallel design. On average around 40-50% responded to MPH in the ID group whereas around 70-80% response rate is reported among the non-ID children. Because of the heterogeneity of the outcome data it was not possible to carry out a meta-analysis. Significant adverse events included sleep difficulties and poor appetite along with weight loss and also irritability, social withdrawal and increased motor activities including tic.', attributes={'Label': 'OUTCOMES AND RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('On the basis of the poor quality evidence that is available, it seems that MPH may be effective in some but not all children and adolescents with ID and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLEMENTATION', 'NlmCategory': 'UNASSIGNED'})]"32429586,Substance Use Disorder in Adult-Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder Patients: Patterns of Use and Related Clinical Features.,"['adult ADHD', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'substance use disorder']","['Vincenza Spera', 'Alessandro Pallucchini', 'Marco Maiello', 'Marco Carli', 'Angelo G I Maremmani', 'Giulio Perugi', 'Icro Maremmani']","[StringElement('While a large amount of medical literature has explored the association between Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Substance Use Disorders (SUDs), less attention has been dedicated to the typologies of SUD and their relationships with ADHD-specific symptomatology and general psychopathology in dual disorder patients.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""We selected 72 patients (aged 18-65) with a concomitant SUD out of 120 adults with ADHD (A-ADHD). Assessment instruments included the Diagnostic Interview for ADHD in adults (DIVA 2.0), Conner's Adult ADHD Rating Scales-Observer (CAARS-O:S): Short Version, the Structured Clinical Interview for Axis I and II Disorders (SCID-I), the Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS-11), the Brief Psychiatric rating scale (BPRS), the Reactivity Intensity Polarity Stability Questionnaire (RIPoSt-40), the World Health Organization Disability Assessment Schedule (WHODAS 2.0) and the Morningness-Eveningness Questionnaire (MEQ). A factorial analysis was performed to group our patients by clusters in different typologies of substance use and correlations between SUDs, as made evident by their typological and diagnostic features; in addition, specific ADHD symptoms, severity of general psychopathology and patients' functionality were assessed."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Two patterns of substance use were identified: the first (type 1) characterized by stimulants/alcohol and the second (type 2) by the use of cannabinoids (THC). Type 1 users were significantly younger and had more legal problems. The two patterns were similar in terms of ADHD-specific symptomatology and its severity at treatment entry. No differences were found regarding the other scales assessed, except for lower scores at MEQ in type 1 users.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('At treatment entry, the presence of different comorbid SUD clusters do not affect ADHD-specific symptomatology or severity.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29871841,[Health-related quality of life in cases of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder with and without pharmacological treatment].,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Calidad de vida', 'KIDSCREEN-52 (parents version)', 'KIDSCREEN-52 (versión padres)', 'Methylphenidate', 'Metilfenidato', 'Quality of life', 'Trastorno por déficit de atención con hiperactividad']","['José Antonio López-Villalobos', 'Ana María Sacristán-Martín', 'Mercedes Garrido-Redondo', 'María Teresa Martínez-Rivera', 'María Victoria López-Sánchez', 'Luis Rodríguez-Molinero', 'Ana Belén Camina-Gutiérrez', 'Jesús Andrés-de Llano']","[StringElement('The health-related quality of life (HRQoL) questionnaire is important in order to assess the effects of therapeutic intervention. The aim of this study is to analyse HRQoL, comparing cases of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) treated with methylphenidate (ADHD-T), untreated cases (ADHD-N), and controls.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The study included a sample of 228 participants between 8 and 14 years old (114 controls, 57 ADHD-T, and 57 ADHD-N). Consecutive sampling was used in ADHD according to DSM-IV criteria (ADHD Rating Scales IV), and random sampling of controls matched by gender and age. The evaluation of HRQoL was made by using KIDSCREEN-52 parent version.', attributes={'Label': 'MATERIAL AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The intensity of ADHD symptoms is significantly lower in ADHD-T than in ADHD-N. There is a moderate significant correlation between greater intensity of ADHD symptoms and worse HRQoL. ADHD cases have significantly worse HRQoL than controls on psychic well-being, mood, relationship with parents and friends, school environment, and social acceptance. The cases of ADHD-T have significantly better HRQoL than ADHD-N in the school dimension, but do not differ significantly in other dimensions of KIDSCREEN-52.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('It would be advisable that the treatment of ADHD integrates multi-dimensional therapeutic models that improve the basic symptoms of the disorder, as well as the HRQoL.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30552946,Altered α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA) receptor function and expression in hippocampus in a rat model of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['Electron microscopy', 'Electrophysiology', 'Field excitatory postsynaptic potentials', 'Hippocampus', 'Postembedding immunogold quantification', 'Spontaneously hypertensive rat']","['Tirill Medin', 'Vidar Jensen', 'Øyvind Skare', 'Jon Storm-Mathisen', 'Øyvind Hvalby', 'Linda Hildegard Bergersen']","['Glutamatergic α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid receptors (AMPARs) carry the bulk of excitatory synaptic transmission. Their modulation plays key roles in synaptic plasticity, which underlies hippocampal learning and memory. A dysfunctional glutamatergic system may negatively affect learning abilities and underlie symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The aim of this study was to investigate whether the expression and function of AMPARs were altered in ADHD. We recorded AMPAR mediated synaptic transmission at hippocampal excitatory synapses and quantified immunogold labelling density of AMPAR subunits GluA1 and GluA2/3 in a rat model for ADHD; the spontaneously hypertensive rat (SHR). Electrophysiological recordings showed significantly reduced AMPAR mediated synaptic transmission at the CA3-to-CA1 pyramidal cell synapses in stratum radiatum and stratum oriens in SHRs compared to control rats. Electronmicroscopic immunogold quantifications did not show any statistically significant changes in labelling densities of the GluA1 subunit of the AMPAR on dendritic spines in stratum radiatum or in stratum oriens. However, there was a significant increase of the GluA2/3 subunit intracellularly in stratum oriens in SHR compared to control, interpreted as a compensatory effect. The proportion of synapses lacking AMPAR subunit labelling was the same in the two genotypes. In addition, electronmicroscopic examination of tissue morphology showed the density of this type of synapse (i.e., asymmetric synapses on spines), and the average size of the synaptic membranes, to be the same. AMPAR dysfunction, possibly involving molecular changes, in hippocampus may in part reflect altered learning in individuals with ADHD.']"35836208,Self-experienced sexual and reproductive health in young women with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder a qualitative interview study.,"['Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Health promotion', 'Reflective thematic analysis', 'Sexual and reproductive health', 'Young women']","['Karin Wallin', 'Inger Wallin Lundell', 'Lena Hanberger', 'Siw Alehagen', 'Sally Hultsjö']","[StringElement('Sexual risk behaviors and struggles in romantic relationships result in higher risk of unplanned pregnancy, sexually transmitted diseases, sexual victimization and lower satisfaction in relationships for young women with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). There is a need to better understand sexual behaviors and the consequences of relational difficulties to help health professionals promote sexual and reproductive health. To deepen knowledge in this area, this study aimed to identify and describe self-experienced sexual and reproductive health in young women with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A qualitative design was used. Data was collected with individual and focus group interviews with 15 young women, aged 15-29, with an ADHD diagnosis, and analyzed with thematic analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Data analysis identified the themes Acceptance of being different and Feeling sexually secure. The women reveal feelings of being different from others without ADHD as they break norms of sexual behavior, struggle with romantic relationships, and have difficulties concentrating during sex. There is a need to be understood and accepted, to not feel judged, and to manage romantic relationships. Self-knowledge helps them to recognize needs for support and to develop strategies that can improve sexual satisfaction. Feeling sexually secure illustrates the women's need to feel comfortable with their own sexuality and in control in the sexual situation. Low self-esteem and a negative self-image, described as a consequence of living with ADHD, can compromise communication in sexual situations and increase fear of being rejected. Further, misjudging sexual partners and situations can contribute to sexual victimization."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This study provides knowledge of how ADHD affects emotions and sexual behaviors in young women. The results highlight the need for understanding and acceptance by peers and partners. It accentuates the value of involving the partner in counselling and the importance of self-knowledge. Feeling insecure in sexual relationships further implies the importance of early diagnosis to prevent secondary outcomes of ADHD, and the need for sexual victimization screening in professional settings.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"36199291,Resting-State fMRI Whole Brain Network Function Plasticity Analysis in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,[],"['Yi Tang', 'Shuxing Zheng', 'Yin Tian']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common mental disorder in children, which is related to inattention and hyperactivity. These symptoms are associated with abnormal interactions of brain networks. We used resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rs-fMRI) based on the graph theory to explore the topology property changes of brain networks between an ADHD group and a normal group. The more refined AAL_1024 atlas was used to construct the functional networks with high nodal resolution, for detecting more subtle changes in brain regions and differences among groups. We compared altered topology properties of brain network between the groups from multilevel, mainly including modularity at mesolevel. Specifically, we analyzed the similarities and differences of module compositions between the two groups. The results found that the ADHD group showed stronger economic small-world network property, while the clustering coefficient was significantly lower than the normal group; the frontal and occipital lobes showed smaller node degree and global efficiency between disease statuses. The modularity results also showed that the module number of the ADHD group decreased, and the ADHD group had short-range overconnectivity within module and long-range underconnectivity between modules. Moreover, modules containing long-range connections between the frontal and occipital lobes disappeared, indicating that there was lack of top-down control information between the executive control region and the visual processing region in the ADHD group. Our results suggested that these abnormal regions were related to executive control and attention deficit of ADHD patients. These findings helped to better understand how brain function correlates with the ADHD symptoms and complement the fewer modularity elaboration of ADHD research.']"35551878,"Effectiveness of neurofeedback training, behaviour management including attention enhancement training and medication in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder - A comparative follow up study.","['ADHD management', 'Behaviour management', 'Medication', 'Neurofeedback']","['Sumedha Roy', 'Nikhiles Mandal', 'Anirban Ray', 'Prasanta Kumar Roy', 'Amit Bhattacharyya', 'Pradeep Kumar Saha']","[StringElement('Attention Deficit/ Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common neurodevelopmental psychiatric disorders of childhood. Treatment of ADHD includes medications and Behavioural interventions. Neurofeedback, a type of biofeedback, has been found to be useful in ADHD. It helps patients to control their brain waves consciously. However, it is not yet conclusive if it is efficacious in comparison to behavioural management training and medication.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To compare the efficacy of neurofeedback training, behaviour management including attention enhancement training and medication in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Ninety children between 6 and 12 years with ADHD were taken and randomly divided into 3 treatment groups equally- neurofeedback, behaviour management and medication (methylphenidate). Conners 3-P Short Scale was applied for baseline assessment. The respective interventions were given and follow up was done at the end of 3 months by using Conners 3-P Short scale to assess the improvement in the symptoms. There were 6 dropouts, the final sample size was 84.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The medication group showed the greatest reduction of symptoms in inattention, hyperactivity, executive functioning domain (core symptoms of ADHD). No statistically significant difference was observed between Neurofeedback and Behaviour Management in these domains. Learning problems improved in all three groups, neurofeedback being the most effective followed by medication. Both Neurofeedback and Medication groups showed similar effect which was higher than the Behavioural Management group in Peer Relation.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Improvement in core ADHD symptoms have been observed with all 3 interventions with medication showing the greatest improvement Neurofeedback has been superior for learning problems. Thus, Neurofeedback can be an independent or combined intervention tool for children with ADHD in outpatient department of Psychiatry.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35063225,Adherence to Mediterranean diet and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children: A case control study.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Children', 'Diet', 'Mediterranean diet']","['Zahra Darabi', 'Azam Ahmadi Vasmehjani', 'Mina Darand', 'Abbas Ali Sangouni', 'Mahdieh Hosseinzadeh']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common neurodevelopmental disorders. The Mediterranean diet as a plant-based diet has a beneficial effect on mental health. The present study was designed to investigate the association between adherence to Mediterranean diet and odds of ADHD in Iranian children.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This age and gender matched case-control study was conducted on 360 children 7-13 years old in Yazd, Iran. Children were categorized into new diagnosed case (n\xa0=\xa0120) and control groups (n\xa0=\xa0240). Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (DSMIV-TR) was used to diagnose ADHD. A validated food frequency questionnaire was used to measure food intake. The association of adherence to the Mediterranean with the odds ratio of ADHD examined by logistic regression.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""After adjusting for potential confounders including energy intake, parents' educational level, economic status, family history ADHD and physical activity, the children in the highest tertile of adherence to Mediterranean diet had a lower odd of ADHD (odds ratio [OR]: 0.49; 95% Confidence Interval [CI]: 0.27-0.89) compared to the children in the lowest. In addition, an association was observed between increasing trend adherence to Mediterranean diet and decrease odds of ADHD after full adjustments (P for trend <0.001)."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We found that higher adherence to Mediterranean diet containing vegetables, legumes, fruits and nuts, grains, and fish could decrease the odds of ADHD in primary school children. Further studies are suggested to approve our vision.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35563067,Reduced Glx and GABA Inductions in the Anterior Cingulate Cortex and Caudate Nucleus Are Related to Impaired Control of Attention in Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['anterior cingulate cortex', 'basal ganglia', 'executive function', 'neurotransmitter', 'striatum']","['Ping C Mamiya', 'Todd L Richards', 'Richard A E Edden', 'Adrian K C Lee', 'Mark A Stein', 'Patricia K Kuhl']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder that impairs the control of attention and behavioral inhibition in affected individuals. Recent genome-wide association findings have revealed an association between glutamate and GABA gene sets and ADHD symptoms. Consistently, people with ADHD show altered glutamate and GABA content in the brain circuitry that is important for attention control function. Yet, it remains unknown how glutamate and GABA content in the attention control circuitry change when people are controlling their attention, and whether these changes can predict impaired attention control in people with ADHD. To study these questions, we recruited 18 adults with ADHD (31-51 years) and 16 adults without ADHD (28-54 years). We studied glutamate + glutamine (Glx) and GABA content in the fronto-striatal circuitry while participants performed attention control tasks. We found that Glx and GABA concentrations at rest did not differ between participants with ADHD or without ADHD. However, while participants were performing the attention control tasks, participants with ADHD showed smaller Glx and GABA increases than participants without ADHD. Notably, smaller GABA increases in participants with ADHD significantly predicted their poor task performance. Together, these findings provide the first demonstration showing that attention control deficits in people with ADHD may be related to insufficient responses of the GABAergic system in the fronto-striatal circuitry.']"35042055,Electrophysiological signatures of inhibitory control in children with Tourette syndrome and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Electrophysiology', 'Inhibitory control', 'Neural oscillations', 'Tourette syndrome']","['Simon Morand-Beaulieu', 'Stephanie D Smith', 'Karim Ibrahim', 'Jia Wu', 'James F Leckman', 'Michael J Crowley', 'Denis G Sukhodolsky']","['Tourette syndrome (TS) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) frequently co-occur, especially in children. Reduced inhibitory control abilities have been suggested as a shared phenotype across both conditions but its neural underpinnings remain unclear. Here, we tested the behavioral and electrophysiological correlates of inhibitory control in children with TS, ADHD, TS+ADHD, and typically developing controls (TDC). One hundred and thirty-eight children, aged 7-14 years, performed a Go/NoGo task during dense-array EEG recording. The sample included four groups: children with TS only (n\xa0=\xa047), TS+ADHD (n\xa0=\xa032), ADHD only (n\xa0=\xa022), and matched TDC (n\xa0=\xa035). Brain activity was assessed with the means of frontal midline theta oscillations, as well as the N200 and P300 components of the event-related potentials. Our analyses revealed that both groups with TS did not differ from other groups in terms of behavioral performance, frontal midline theta oscillations, and event-related potentials. Children with ADHD-only had worse Go/NoGo task performance, decreased NoGo frontal midline theta power, and delayed N200 and P300 latencies, compared to typically developing controls. In the current study, we found that children with TS or TS+ADHD do not show differences in EEG during a Go/NoGo task compared to typically developing children. Our findings however suggest that children with ADHD-only have a distinct electrophysiological profile during the Go/NoGo task as indexed by reduced frontal midline theta power and delayed N200 and P300 latencies.']"29474120,Continuous performance test in children with intellectual disability and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit', 'CPT', 'intellectual disability', 'neuropsychological functioning']","['Puga María Celeste', 'Vaucheret Paz Esteban', 'Leist Mariana', 'García Basalo María José', 'Baliarda Florencia', 'Ekonen Christy', 'Lascombes María Isabel', 'Agosta Guillermo']","['Data regarding clinical and neuropsychological features of attention deficit in children with lower cognitive ability is still scarce. The objective was to analyze the response patterns on the Continuous Performance Test II in children with Intellectual Disability and Attention Defficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). This is a cross-sectional study, in which patients were divided into 2 groups: one group with ADHD and Full IQ\u2009>\u200980 and another group with ADHD\u2009+\u2009Full IQ score\u2009<\u200980. They were afterwards administered the CPT II (Continuous Performance Test). A total of 215 children were included in the study, 57% of them with ADHD IQ\u2009>\u200980 and 43% with ADHD\u2009+\u2009Lower Intellectual Performance (LIP). Patients with ADHD and Lower Intellectual Performance presented more omissions error, slower reaction time and greater variability in the performance as the tests progresses, as well as worse stimulus detection and discrimination capacity. The results observed supply new information for the proper understanding of the functioning of attention processes in a poorly studied population.']"33454408,Children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder spend more time in hyperconnected network states and less time in segregated network states as revealed by dynamic connectivity analysis.,"['ADHD', 'Default mode network', 'Dynamic functional connectivity', 'Hidden semi-Markov model', 'Resting state', 'Task-relevant networks']","['Heather M Shappell', 'Kelly A Duffy', 'Keri S Rosch', 'James J Pekar', 'Stewart H Mostofsky', 'Martin A Lindquist', 'Jessica R Cohen']","['Previous studies in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have observed functional brain network disruption on a whole-brain level, as well as on a sub-network level, particularly as related to the default mode network, attention-related networks, and cognitive control-related networks. Given behavioral findings that children with ADHD have more difficulty sustaining attention and more extreme moment-to-moment fluctuations in behavior than typically developing (TD) children, recently developed methods to assess changes in connectivity over shorter time periods (i.e., ""dynamic functional connectivity""), may provide unique insight into dysfunctional network organization in ADHD. Thus, we performed a dynamic functional connectivity (FC) analysis on resting state fMRI data from 38 children with ADHD and 79 TD children. We used Hidden semi-Markov models (HSMMs) to estimate six network states, as well as the most probable sequence of states for each participant. We quantified the dwell time, sojourn time, and transition probabilities across states. We found that children with ADHD spent less total time in, and switched more quickly out of, anticorrelated states involving the default mode network and task-relevant networks as compared to TD children. Moreover, children with ADHD spent more time in a hyperconnected state as compared to TD children. These results provide novel evidence that underlying dynamics may drive the differences in static FC patterns that have been observed in ADHD and imply that disrupted FC dynamics may be a mechanism underlying the behavioral symptoms and cognitive deficits commonly observed in children with ADHD.']"33647218,A Preliminary Investigation of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Characteristics in Adults Who Stutter.,[],"['Seth E Tichenor', 'Chelsea A Johnson', 'J Scott Yaruss']","[""Purpose Recent studies have shown that many children who stutter may have elevated characteristics of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Although childhood ADHD commonly persists into adulthood, it is unclear how many adults who stutter experience aspects of ADHD (e.g., inattention or hyperactivity/impulsivity). This study sought to increase understanding of how ADHD characteristics might affect individuals who stutter by evaluating (a) whether elevated ADHD characteristics are common in adults who stutter, (b) whether elevated ADHD characteristics in adults who stutter were significantly associated with greater adverse impact related to stuttering, and (c) whether individual differences in Repetitive Negative Thinking (RNT) and Effortful Control influenced this relationship. Method Two hundred fifty-four adults who stutter completed the Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale, the Perseverative Thinking Questionnaire, the Adult Temperament Questionnaire short form, and the Overall Assessment of the Speaker's Experience of Stuttering. Data were analyzed via multiple linear regression to determine whether the number of inattention or hyperactivity/impulsivity characteristics was significantly associated with RNT, Effortful Control, or Adverse Impact related to stuttering. Results Almost one quarter of participants (23.2%; 60/254) self-reported experiencing six or more inattention characteristics, while fewer participants (8.3%; 21/254) self-reported experiencing six or more hyperactivity/impulsivity characteristics. Participants with lower Effortful Control and higher levels of both RNT and Adverse Impact were significantly more likely to self-report experiencing more inattention characteristics. Discussion Many adults who stutter may exhibit previously unaccounted for characteristics of ADHD, especially inattention. Results highlight the value of continued research on the intersectionality of stuttering, ADHD, and attention, and the importance of individualizing therapy to the needs of each unique person who stutters.""]"34571512,Factors Associated With Children Diagnosed With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and 30-Day Follow-up Care With Practitioners Among Medicaid Recipients in Georgia.,[],"['Henry Yin', 'Brendan Ibe', 'Tiffany L Parr', 'Seema Csukas', 'Bobby L Jones', 'Sandra Thompson']","[StringElement('It is important that children prescribed attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) medication get timely follow-up care. In 2018, only 44% of US Medicaid recipients attended a follow-up visit within 30 days of their first ADHD prescription. The objective of this study was to identify the member and practitioner-related predictors that were associated with children who were diagnosed with ADHD and had a follow-up visit within 30 days (initiation phase) of their first prescription of ADHD medication (Index Prescription Start Date, or IPSD).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('A cross-sectional study was conducted to identify the independent predictors of a follow-up visit within 30 days and 2 follow-up visits within 270 days after the initiation phase (continuation and maintenance phase, or C&M phase) for Medicaid recipients. Predictive factors examined included race, school age group, gender, geography of residence, Medicaid service region, newly diagnosed ADHD, hospital admission, emergency department (ED) visit, types of ADHD medication, other psychosocial or behavioral diagnoses, psychosocial or behavioral therapy, prescriber specialty, and school season.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('There were 2369 members eligible for the initiation phase measure, of whom 330 members were eligible for the C&M phase measure. Multiple regression analysis found that unmet 30-day follow-up was significantly associated with African American children with an existing diagnosis of ADHD (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] = 2.13; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.64-2.76), middle school-aged children (AOR = 1.49; 95% CI, 1.23-1.80), rural residence (AOR = 1.27; 95% CI, 1.05-1.55), no ED visit (AOR = 1.57; 95% CI, 1.16-2.12), no psychosocial or behavioral therapy prior to the IPSD (AOR = 2.30; 95% CI, 1.65-3.21), and primary care practitioners (AOR = 1.88; 95% CI, 1.45-2.44).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Pediatrics was the most common specialty prescribing ADHD medications. Managed care organizations can focus intervention efforts to improve compliance with 30-day follow-up among Medicaid children by targeting the high-risk categories identified above. They can also focus on facilitating communication between behavioral health practitioners and pediatricians about several key points: (1) the importance of using behavioral health therapy prior to prescribing medication; (2) the importance of timely follow-up care; and (3) the importance of medication management in combination with behavioral health therapy.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"32155443,Mind-wandering and sleepiness in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Adult ADHD', 'Daydreaming', 'Experience sampling methodology', 'Mind-wandering', 'Sleepiness']","['Clarisse Madiouni', 'Régis Lopez', 'Marie-Christine Gély-Nargeot', 'Cindy Lebrun', 'Sophie Bayard']","['Sleepiness and mind-wandering are frequently experienced by patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), without ever having been jointly explored. We aimed to investigate the co-occurrence of these two phenomena in ADHD adults. Drug-free ADHD adults (n\xa0=\xa025) and healthy controls (n\xa0=\xa028) underwent an online experience sampling of mind-wandering episodes and subjective sleepiness. Participants completed self-reported measures of mind-wandering and sleepiness in daily life. Higher trait of mind-wandering was observed in ADHD patients compared to controls. On the whole sample, self-reported mind-wandering propensity was strongly associated with the severity of inattentive, impulsive and hyperactive symptoms. During the probes, patients reported more frequent episodes of mind-wandering and mind-blanking, and higher sleepiness. Their mind-wandering episodes were less intentional and belonged less frequently to a structured succession of thoughts. In both groups, mind-wandering and mind-blanking were associated with higher sleepiness. On the SART, patients were less accurate than controls. We provide first initial evidence for higher propensity of mind-wandering and mind-blanking using experience sampling in patients with formal ADHD diagnosis. This propensity was associated with sleepiness without negatively impacting attention performances. Mind-wandering and sleepiness have common determinants potentially involved in ADHD pathophysiology. Correlates of mind-blanking in ADHD adults remain to be characterized.']"30672714,Development of Virtual Reality Continuous Performance Test Utilizing Social Cues for Children and Adolescents with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['attention', 'continuous performance test', 'neuropsychological assessment', 'social cues', 'virtual reality']","['Hyojung Eom', 'Kwanguk Kenny Kim', 'Sungmi Lee', 'Yeon-Ju Hong', 'Jiwoong Heo', 'Jae-Jin Kim', 'Eunjoo Kim']","['Virtual reality (VR) neuropsychological assessments have the potential for the ecological measurement of attention. We analyzed the newly developed VR continuous performance test (VR-CPT) for Korean children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and typically developing children (TDC). To identify specific features of a virtual environment that influence the attention performance of children, we investigated whether the presence of a virtual teacher and social cues in the VR environment affects their attention performance. A total of 38 participants (18 TDC and 20 ADHD children and adolescents) were recruited for VR-CPT testing. Bivariate correlational analysis was conducted to examine the associations between the results of the VR-CPT and ADHD questionnaires to determine the capacity of VR-CPT to mirror real-life attention behaviors. Mixed-design analysis of variables was conducted to compare the effects of the social aspects of the VR-CPT on attention performance in groups. There were significant associations between ADHD rating scores and the omission error, commission error, reaction time (RT), reaction time variability (RTV), and total accuracy of the VR-CPT in the ADHD group. In addition, the ADHD group exhibited comparable performance with the TDC group for all measures of the VR-CPT. Also there seemed to be a trend of decreasing RTV when a virtual teacher with social cues was present compared with the equipment control condition in the ADHD group. Performance in the VR-CPT program was associated with behavioral measures of ADHD symptoms. Adding social aspects to a VR environment commonly encountered by children and adolescents has the potential to make a difference in the attention performance of youths with ADHD.']"31639512,Smoking abstinence effects on emotion dysregulation in adult cigarette smokers with and without attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Cigarette smoking', 'Emotion dysregulation']","['John T Mitchell', 'F Joseph McClernon', 'Jean C Beckham', 'Richard A Brown', 'Carl W Lejuez', 'Scott H Kollins']","[StringElement('Cigarette smoking is robustly associated with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but little is known about psychological mechanisms accounting for this comorbid relationship. This study examined difficulties in emotion regulation, or emotion dysregulation, among adult cigarette smokers with and without ADHD. Emotion dysregulation was predicted to be higher in an ADHD group at screening and after 24\u202f-h smoking abstinence compared to a non-ADHD group.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Cigarette smokers with (n\u202f=\u202f19) and without (n\u202f=\u202f20) ADHD completed a screening visit, baseline visit, and two experimental visits: smoking as usual (i.e., smoking satiated) and after biochemically-verified 24\u202f-h smoking abstinence (i.e., smoking abstinent). Three emotion dysregulation rating scales (two self-report and one clinician rated) were administered at the screening visit and experimental sessions. Experimental sessions also included two emotion dysregulation behavioral tasks.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""The ADHD group scored higher on all three rating scales at screening (p's < .001). For experimental sessions, group (ADHD, non-ADHD) x condition (smoking satiated, smoking abstinence) interactions were not significant across measures. However, group main effects emerged indicating higher emotion dysregulation in the ADHD group across all measures (p's < .001). Main effects also emerged for experimental condition, but were more mixed across emotion dysregulation measures."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Emotion dysregulation was higher among adult smokers with ADHD and during smoking abstinence across diagnostic groups, suggesting that this malleable psychological mechanism plays a role in smoking both for those with and without ADHD-such findings can inform treatment and prevention efforts.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30709577,Subjective and objective assessments of sleep problems in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and the effects of methylphenidate treatment.,"['ADHD subtypes', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Methylphenidate', 'Pediatric sleep questionnaire', 'Polysomnography', 'Sleep disorders']","['Wei-Chih Chin', 'Yu-Shu Huang', 'Ya-Hsin Chou', 'Chih-Huan Wang', 'Kuang-Tai Chen', 'Jen Fu Hsu', 'Shih-Chieh Hsu']","[StringElement('to investigate the sleep problems in children with different ADHD presentations and effects of methylphenidate (MPH) on the sleep problems of children with ADHD by both subjective and objective measurements.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('71 children with ADHD and 30 controls were included. 35 had ADHD with predominantly inattentive presentation (ADHD-I) and 36 with predominantly hyperactive/impulsive or combined presentation (ADHD-C). We used the pediatric sleep questionnaire (PSQ) and a nocturnal polysomnography (PSG) to assess the sleep problems in children with ADHD before and 6 months after being treated with methylphenidate (0.3-0.7\xa0mg/kg/dose).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('PSG showed significantly higher apnea-hypopnea index and hypopnea counts, and lower slow-wave sleep percentage in children with ADHD. The results of PSQ reported by parents showed significantly higher rates of delay initiation of sleep, sleep onset latency, sleep fragment, daytime sleepiness, enuresis, bruxism, nightmares, periodic limb movement disorder (PLMD), and snoring in children with ADHD compared to normal controls. Comparisons of ADHD presentations revealed no significant difference between ADHD-I and ADHD-C by either PSG or PSQ measurements. After 6-month MPH treatment, the PSG showed significantly increased total sleep time and reduced periodic limb movement index (PLMI). The PSQ indicated significant reduction in bruxism and snoring in ADHD-I, as well as nightmares in ADHD-C, and both subgroups showed significant reduction in PLMD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""subjective and objective approaches produced inconsistent findings regarding the sleep problems in children with ADHD. Besides, MPH didn't worsen the sleep problems in children with ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34207624,The Perception of Primary School Teachers Regarding the Pharmacotherapy of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'pharmacotherapy', 'pharmacovigilance', 'school teachers']","['João Gregório', 'Raquel Ferreira', 'Ana Sofia Fernandes']","[""Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is raising concerns across health systems, affecting about 5% of the school-age population. Therapy usually involves psychostimulants, which are prone to adverse drug reactions (ADRs). Teachers have many contact hours with children and can easily detect behavioral changes upon the beginning of medication. However, few studies have focused on the role of teachers in the management of ADHD children and detection of ADRs. The present work aimed to characterize the perception of primary school teachers regarding the impact of ADHD therapeutics. A questionnaire was constructed focused on teachers' training regarding ADHD and its therapy; experience with students with ADHD; changes upon beginning of medication; and observation of ADRs. A total of 107 completed questionnaires were obtained. The results indicate that more than 40% of the inquired teachers have received training in ADHD, but in most cases, the theme of therapeutics was absent from that training. The vast majority of teachers (91.6%) have had students with ADHD and observed mood alterations associated with medications. More than 60% of the teachers answered that they are aware of the ADRs and of these, 24% have already detected them in their students. The teachers reported the observed ADRs to parents in 93% of the cases and to doctors in 28% of the cases. In conclusion, the results show the need to reinforce teachers' training in ADHD and its therapeutics.""]"33198048,The relationship between sensory processing sensitivity and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder traits: A spectrum approach.,[],"['Maria Panagiotidi', 'Paul G Overton', 'Tom Stafford']","['The aim of the present study was to examine the relationship between sensory processing sensitivity (SPS) and symptoms of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in adults. The Highly Sensitive Person Scale (HSPS) scale and the Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS) were administered to a non-clinical group of 274 participants recruited from a university volunteers list. We found a highly significant positive correlation between number of self-reported ADHD traits and sensory sensitivity. Furthermore, ADHD traits and age were predictors of SPS and exploratory factor analysis revealed a factor that combined ADHD traits and items from the HSPS. The psychometric properties of the HSPS were also examined supporting the unidimensional nature of the concept. To our knowledge, this is the first study to identify a positive relationship between HSPS and ADHD traits in the general population. Our results further support recent findings suggesting abnormal sensory processing in ADHD.']"32486294,Adolescent-Parent Agreement on Callous-Unemotional Traits in Adolescents with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'callous–unemotional traits', 'conduct disorder', 'cross-informant agreement', 'oppositional defiant disorder']","['Yi-Lung Chen', 'Ray C Hsiao', 'Wen-Jiun Chou', 'Cheng-Fang Yen']","[""This study examined the levels of agreement between the reports of 207 adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and their parents regarding the adolescents' callous-unemotional (CU) traits and investigated the factors influencing adolescent-parent agreement. Adolescent-parent agreement about CU traits in three dimensions according to the Chinese version of the Inventory of Callous and Unemotional Traits was examined. The influence of demographic characteristics, comorbid conduct disorder (CD), oppositional defiant disorder (ODD), and ADHD symptoms on adolescent-parent agreement was also examined. The results indicated that adolescent-parent agreement on the CU trait of uncaringness was moderate, whereas agreement on the CU traits of callousness and unemotionality was poor. Adolescent-parent agreement on the three dimensions of CU traits varied depending on the adolescents' sex and comorbid CD and ODD symptoms as well as parental age. Therefore, multiple sources of information are required when assessing the severity of CU traits in adolescents with ADHD. The factors influencing the levels of the agreement should also be considered.""]"32895790,Phthalates exposure and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children: a systematic review of epidemiological literature.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Children', 'Epidemiological', 'Exposure', 'Phthalate']","['Sarva Mangala Praveena', 'Rusheni Munisvaradass', 'Ruziana Masiran', 'Ranjith Kumar Rajendran', 'Chu-Ching Lin', 'Suresh Kumar']","['Epidemiological studies have proven that children mental health can be affected by environmental pollutants which are believed to be visible in the form of psychological disorder later in their childhood. Moreover, the effects of children mental health are evidently clear in the case of phthalates which have been observed to increase psychological disorder, specifically attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Hence, the present study aims to conduct a systematic review and provide an overview of the existing literature on the association between urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and ADHD symptoms among children by emphasizing the confounding factors and limitations. Additionally, this review addressed the possible phthalate mechanism insights in human body including its impact on ADHD symptoms. In this case, 16 epidemiological studies (five cross-sectional, nine cohort and two case control studies) that met all the inclusion criteria were selected out of the total of 427 papers screened to show varying quantitative associations between phthalate exposure and ADHD symptoms among children with confounding factors and limitations in the existing studies in regard to the exposure and outcomes. This review also attempted to present possible explanation on phthalate mechanism in children body and its connection on neurodevelopment and ADHD symptom development which remains unclear in most of the studies. Finally, it is highly recommended for further research to carefully design cohort studies from prenatal to later childhood development with a complete sample size in order to understand phthalate impacts on children health.']"32150719,[Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and substance abuse. Scientific evidence].,"['attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'non-stimulant medication', 'preventive treatment', 'stimulant medication', 'substance use disorders']",['Antonio Terán Prieto'],"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental alteration of biological basis that started in childhood may persist during adolescence-youth and, despite what was believed until not many years ago, also in adulthood up to 50-60% of those affected, producing a significant clinical and psychosocial deterioration. In spite of being a syndrome easily identifiable by the triad: inattention, hyperactivity and impulsivity that characterizes it, in clinical practice there are different circumstances that hinder and complicate its diagnosis and treatment. One of the most significant is the presence, both in childhood and adulthood, of other comorbid mental disorders. It is from adolescence-youth when together with ADHD we can detect the presence of personality, mood and anxiety disorders and especially the use of several substances. The evidences existing until now show how the comorbidity of ADHD and substance use disorder influence the evolutionary course of both, complicating the approach, the treatment and, therefore, aggravating the final prognosis. The difficulties in their approach and the scarcity of treatment options make us underline the importance of preventive treatment in the infantile stage, starting from psychoeducation programs focused on the vulnerability of these patients to substances and the consequences associated with consumption.']"32150718,[Progression of symptoms in children with attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder in treatment with methylphenidate].,"['attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder', 'childhood', 'methylphenidate']","['Pedro J Rodríguez Hernández', 'Moisés Betancort Montesinos', 'Wenceslao Peñate Castro']","['Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurobiological disorder frequent in childhood. The main symptoms are attention disorder and/or impulsivity and/or hyperactivity. There are different subtypes of ADHD according to the degree of presence of these three symptoms. There are different therapeutic approaches with high proved effectiveness. Methylphenidate, a stimulant that acts through the dopaminergic and adrenergic pathways, is commonly used for the treatment of ADHD. The Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ) is a brief behavioural screening instrument internationally used for the screening of mental health problems in children and adolescents. It consists in a 25 items questionnaire with 5 different scales: emotional symptoms, conduct problems, hyperactivity / inattention, peer relationship problems and prosocial behaviours. The SDQ score was collected in a sample of ADHD patients with an age between 7 and 12 years. The score obtained before starting treatment with methylphenidate was compared before and after starting treatment, every 3-6 months and up to a period of 2 years. Statistical processing was performed using R, which is a free program for statistical and graphical analysis, that allows temporary analysis. The results indicate that hyperactivity improves throughout the first year of treatment, emotional symptoms and behavioral problems improve during the first 6 months of treatment, pro-social symptoms slowly improve over 2 years. Problems with partners do not improve in the analyzed time.']"29189334,Considerations in the Care of Athletes With Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,[],"['George G A Pujalte', 'Jennifer R Maynard', 'McKennan J Thurston', 'Walter C Taylor', 'Mohit Chauhan']","[StringElement('Uncover literature pertaining to: (1) attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and how it impacts athletes; (2) ADHD medication effects; (3) regulations regarding ADHD medications; (4) approaches to conditions similar to, and occurring with, ADHD; and (5) use of stimulants.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Ovid interface.', attributes={'Label': 'DATA SOURCES'}), StringElement(""ADHD can have many effects on athletes and sports participation. Exercise has positive benefits on ADHD behaviors and players' attitudes. Athletes with ADHD can have worsened ADHD symptoms after concussions. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is a modifier of return to play; baseline ADHD symptoms should be used to guide management. Management should include medications, behavioral/psychosocial therapy, and academic accommodations. Behavioral therapy combined with medication is superior to behavioral treatment alone. Sustained exercise as ADHD treatment should be considered mainstay in management. Sports can increase thermogenic effects of stimulants, heat injury, and cardiac arrhythmias. Increased aggressiveness, improved pain tolerance, and decreased sense of fatigue are some attributes of stimulants that are presumed to impart some advantage to athletes, but evidence is uncertain. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder medications may lead to myocardial infarctions, cerebrovascular accidents, paranoid psychoses, seizures, insomnia, tremors, anxiety, hypertension, and death."", attributes={'Label': 'MAIN RESULTS'}), StringElement(""Athletes' performance and quality of life can be negatively affected by ADHD. Risks exist for those who take ADHD medications. More research is needed on the implications ADHD may have in specific sports, and on possible advantages of medication use. Potential deleterious effects of these medications should be addressed."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34871970,Viloxazine: A new miracle drug for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) or just another non-stimulant?,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Children', 'Non-stimulant', 'Viloxazine']","['Sabahat Hafeez', 'Javeria Saquib', 'Nazuk Eraj Qureshi']",33390154,Behavioural and neural markers of tactile sensory processing in infants at elevated likelihood of autism spectrum disorder and/or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Alpha amplitude desynchronization', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Autism spectrum disorder', 'EEG', 'Infant sibling design', 'Repetition suppression', 'Tactile sensory processing', 'Tactile sensory seeking']","['Elena Serena Piccardi', 'Jannath Begum Ali', 'Emily J H Jones', 'Luke Mason', 'Tony Charman', 'Mark H Johnson', 'Teodora Gliga']","[StringElement('Atypicalities in tactile processing are reported in autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) but it remains unknown if they precede and associate with the traits of these disorders emerging in childhood. We investigated behavioural and neural markers of tactile sensory processing in infants at elevated likelihood of ASD and/or ADHD compared to infants at typical likelihood of the disorders. Further, we assessed the specificity of associations between infant markers and later ASD or ADHD traits.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUNDS'}), StringElement('Ninety-one 10-month-old infants participated in the study (n = 44 infants at elevated likelihood of ASD; n = 20 infants at elevated likelihood of ADHD; n = 9 infants at elevated likelihood of ASD and ADHD; n = 18 infants at typical likelihood of the disorders). Behavioural and EEG responses to pairs of tactile stimuli were experimentally recorded and concurrent parental reports of tactile responsiveness were collected. ASD and ADHD traits were measured at 24\u2009months through standardized assessment (ADOS-2) and parental report (ECBQ), respectively.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""There was no effect of infants' likelihood status on behavioural markers of tactile sensory processing. Conversely, increased ASD likelihood associated with reduced neural repetition suppression to tactile input. Reduced neural repetition suppression at 10\u2009months significantly predicted ASD (but not ADHD) traits at 24\u2009months across the entire sample. Elevated tactile sensory seeking at 10\u2009months moderated the relationship between early reduced neural repetition suppression and later ASD traits."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Reduced tactile neural repetition suppression is an early marker of later ASD traits in infants at elevated likelihood of ASD or ADHD, suggesting that a common pathway to later ASD traits exists despite different familial backgrounds. Elevated tactile sensory seeking may act as a protective factor, mitigating the relationship between early tactile neural repetition suppression and later ASD traits.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34486359,Genetic diversity of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Genetic', 'diversity', 'epigenetic mechanisms and genome-wide association', 'neuro developmental disorders', 'variants']",['Abdulhakeem S Alamri'],"[""Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a highly heritable neuro developmental disorder. Traditionally ADHD was considered a childhood disorder but recent evidence confirms that ADHD can also occur in adulthood. The prevalence of ADHD worldwide is around 5% in children and 3% in adults. ADHD affects patients throughout their lives by causing failures in education as well as in occupations, which increase the risk of accidents and criminality. The disorder has no single cause, which reflects the heterogeneity of ADHD. Understanding the genetic and molecular changes associated with familial/heritable ADHD development is challenging, due to the lack of relevant models of ADHD and the difficulty of collecting brain samples. The current review will highlight upon the genetic diversity of ADHD and summarize some recent relevant studies. Knowledge about the ADHD's variants might be useful for a new ADHD genetic research.""]"28102515,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Obesity: Update 2016.,"['ADHD', 'Eating', 'Obesity', 'Overweight']","['Samuele Cortese', 'Luca Tessari']","['While psychiatric comorbidities of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have been extensively explored, less attention has been paid to somatic conditions possibly associated with this disorder. However, mounting evidence in the last decade pointed to a possible significant association between ADHD and certain somatic conditions, including obesity. This papers provides an update of a previous systematic review on the relationship between obesity and ADHD (Cortese and Vincenzi, Curr Top Behav Neurosci 9:199-218, 2012), focusing on pertinent peer-reviewed empirical papers published since 2012. We conducted a systematic search in PubMed, Ovid, and Web of Knowledge databases (search dates: from January 1st, 2012, to July 16th, 2016). We retained a total of 41 studies, providing information on the prevalence of obesity in individuals with ADHD, focusing on the rates of ADHD in individuals with obesity, or reporting data useful to gain insight into possible mechanisms underlying the putative association between ADHD and obesity. Overall, over the past 4\xa0years, an increasing number of studies have assessed the prevalence of obesity in individuals with ADHD or the rates of ADHD in patients with obesity. Although findings are mixed across individual studies, meta-analytic evidence shows a significant association between ADHD and obesity, regardless of possible confounding factors such as psychiatric comorbidities. An increasing number of studies have also addressed possible mechanisms underlying the link between ADHD and obesity, highlighting the role, among others, of abnormal eating patterns, sedentary lifestyle, and possible common genetic alterations. Importantly, recent longitudinal studies support a causal role of ADHD in contributing to weight gain. The next generation of studies in the field should explore if and to which extent the treatment of comorbid ADHD in individuals with obesity may lead to long-term weight loss, ultimately improving their overall well-being and quality of life.']"34355753,Placebo Response and Its Predictors in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: A Meta-Analysis and Comparison of Meta-Regression and MetaForest.,"['Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder', 'MetaForest', 'machine learning', 'meta-analysis', 'meta-regression', 'placebo response']","['Xavier Castells', 'Marc Saez', 'Maghie Barcheni', 'Ruth Cunill', 'Domènec Serrano', 'Beatriz López', 'Caspar J van Lissa']","[StringElement('High placebo response in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) can reduce medication-placebo differences, jeopardizing the development of new medicines. This research aims to (1) determine placebo response in ADHD, (2) compare the accuracy of meta-regression and MetaForest in predicting placebo response, and (3) determine the covariates associated with placebo response.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A systematic review with meta-analysis of randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial investigating pharmacological interventions for ADHD was performed. Placebo response was defined as the change from baseline in ADHD symptom severity assessed according to the 18-item, clinician-rated, DSM-based rating scale. The effect of study design-, intervention-, and patient-related covariates in predicting placebo response was studied by means of meta-regression and MetaForest.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Ninety-four studies including 6614 patients randomized to placebo were analyzed. Overall, placebo response was -8.9 points, representing a 23.1% reduction in the severity of ADHD symptoms. Cross-validated accuracy metrics for meta-regression were R2 = 0.0012 and root mean squared error = 3.3219 for meta-regression and 0.0382 and 3.2599 for MetaForest. Placebo response among ADHD patients increased by 63% between 2001 and 2020 and was larger in the United States than in other regions of the world.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Strong placebo response was found in ADHD patients. Both meta-regression and MetaForest showed poor performance in predicting placebo response. ADHD symptom improvement with placebo has markedly increased over the last 2 decades and is greater in the United States than the rest of the world.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33840205,Autism-Spectrum Quotient-Child and Autism-Spectrum Quotient-Adolescent in Chinese population: Screening autism spectrum disorder against attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and typically developing peers.,"['Chinese', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'autism spectrum disorder', 'autism spectrum quotient', 'children/adolescents']","['Patsy Ps Wong', 'Veronica Cm Wai', 'Raymond Ws Chan', 'Cecilia Nw Leung', 'Patrick Wl Leung']","[StringElement('The Autism-Spectrum Quotient is a 50-item questionnaire developed to assess autistic symptoms in adults, adolescents and children. Its original version and others in different countries are known to be effective tools in identifying individuals with autism spectrum disorder. This study examined whether the Hong Kong Chinese versions of the Autism-Spectrum Quotient-Child and Autism-Spectrum Quotient-Adolescent were effective in identifying autism spectrum disorder children and adolescents. On top of comparing them with their typically developing peers, this study also included a group of children/adolescents with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, a disorder with similar social difficulties as autism spectrum disorder. Results showed that both the Autism-Spectrum Quotient questionnaires were effective in differentiating the autism spectrum disorder group from the typically developing and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder groups, separately and jointly. On the contrary, they could not identify the attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder group from the typically developing group so that they were not misclassifying attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder as autism spectrum disorder. These findings supported that both the Autism-Spectrum Quotient-Child and Autism-Spectrum Quotient-Adolescent were not general measures of child and adolescent psychopathology, but could claim to be specific measures of autism spectrum disorder. Such capability would enormously enhance their utility in clinical practice for identifying autism spectrum disorder children/adolescents from their typically developing peers and from those with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. This is because, the latter is a common neurodevelopmental disorder frequently presented to child psychiatric clinics alongside with autism spectrum disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'LAY ABSTRACT'})]"34391396,Secular trends and regional variations in pharmacotherapy of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among children and adolescents in Germany.,"['ADHD', 'Claims data', 'Germany', 'Methylphenidate', 'Pharmacotherapy', 'Regional variations', 'Trends']","['Manas K Akmatov', 'Jakob Holstiege', 'Jörg Bätzing']","[StringElement('The study aim was to examine the secular trends and regional variations in pharmacotherapy of children and adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in Germany.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We used nationwide drug prescription data of outpatient care (2009 to 2016). The study population comprised patients aged between 5 and 14\u2009years with the diagnoses ""hyperkinetic disorders"" (ICD-10 code F90) (e.g. n\u2009=\u2009262,766 in 2016). The examined drugs were methylphenidate, amphetamines, atomoxetine and guanfacine.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Overall, the proportion of patients received any prescription showed a decreasing trend over years (2010, 51%; 2016, 44%). The proportion of methylphenidate prescription was higher in Western than Eastern federal states. However, atomoxetine was more often prescribed in Eastern than Western federal states. The proportion of methylphenidate prescriptions issued by pediatric psychiatrists increased from 28% (2009) to 41% (2016).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('A decreasing trend in use of pharmacotherapy may be explained by prescription restrictions issued by the Federal Joint Committee in recent years.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"26961824,Pre- and Perinatal Risk for Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: Does Neuropsychological Weakness Explain the Link?,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Neuropsychological dysfunction', 'Prenatal risk']","['Kelsey Wiggs', 'Alexis L Elmore', 'Joel T Nigg', 'Molly A Nikolas']","['Etiological investigations of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and disruptive behavior problems support multiple causal pathways, including involvement of pre- and perinatal risk factors. Because these risks occur early in life, well before observable ADHD and externalizing symptoms emerge, the relation between risk and symptoms may be mediated by neurodevelopmental effects that manifest later in neuropsychological functioning. However, potential dissociable effects of pre/perinatal risk elements on ADHD and familial confounds must also be considered to test alternative hypotheses. 498 youth aged 6-17\xa0years (55.0\xa0% male) completed a multi-stage, multi-informant assessment including parent and teacher symptom reports\xa0of symptoms and parent ratings of pre/perinatal health risk indicators. Youth completed a neuropsychological testing battery. Multiple mediation models examined direct effects of pre- and perinatal health risk on ADHD and other disruptive behavior disorder symptoms and indirect effects via neuropsychological functioning. Parental ADHD symptoms and externalizing status was covaried to control for potential familial effects. Effects of prenatal substance exposure on inattention were mediated by memory span and temporal processing deficits. Further, effects of perinatal health risk on inattention, hyperactivity-impulsivity, and ODD were mediated by deficits in response variability and temporal processing. Further, maternal health risks during pregnancy appeared to exert direct rather than indirect effects on outcomes. Results suggest that after controlling for familial relatedness of ADHD between parent and child, early developmental health risks may influence ADHD via effects on neuropsychological processes underpinning the disorder.']"31207456,Shorter REM latency in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Daytime sleepiness', 'REM latency', 'Sleep']","['Amparo Díaz-Román', 'Gualberto Buela-Casal']","[""The discrepancies in prior research about the actual sleep problems underlying attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) demand more studies of children with this disorder. This study aimed to compare the subjective and objective sleep characteristics of 20 children with ADHD (DSM-IV criteria) and 20 typically developing children (aged 7-11 years). We assessed the children using sleep questionnaires and polysomnography recordings and analysed differences between the two groups using two-tailed Mann-Whitney U exact tests and Rosenthal's r as effect size measure. We also assessed associations between sleep measures and psychopathology using Spearman's correlation coefficients. No significant difference was found between the groups in almost any objective sleep variable, except for shorter REM latency in the ADHD group. Children with ADHD also showed significantly higher levels of daytime sleepiness and greater general sleep problems than control children, as reported by their parents, after discarding the primary sleep problems commonly associated with ADHD. Significant correlations were found between psychopathology and sleep measures. Our findings might support the link between narcolepsy-like sleep phenotype and ADHD. However, longitudinal research combining objective and subjective assessments should further explore the involvement of other variables, such as ADHD subtypes, medication, and comorbid symptoms in this relationship.""]"27118284,Prospective observational study protocol to investigate long-term adverse effects of methylphenidate in children and adolescents with ADHD: the Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Drugs Use Chronic Effects (ADDUCE) study.,"['Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder', 'Methylphenidate']","['S K Inglis', 'S Carucci', 'P Garas', 'A Häge', 'T Banaschewski', 'J K Buitelaar', 'R W Dittmann', 'B Falissard', 'C Hollis', 'H Kovshoff', 'E Liddle', 'S McCarthy', 'P Nagy', 'A Neubert', 'E Rosenthal', 'E Sonuga-Barke', 'I Wong', 'A Zuddas', 'D C Coghill']","[StringElement('Methylphenidate is the most frequently used medication for the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in Europe. Following concerns about its safety, the European Commission called for research into the long-term effects of methylphenidate on children and adolescents with ADHD. The Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Drugs Use Chronic Effects (ADDUCE) research programme was designed to address this call. At the heart of this programme is a 2-year longitudinal naturalistic pharmacovigilance study being conducted in 27 European sites.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('3 cohorts of children and adolescents (aged 6-17) living in the UK, Germany, Italy and Hungary are being recruited:Group 1 (Medicated ADHD): 800 ADHD medication-naive children and adolescents with a clinical diagnosis of ADHD about to start methylphenidate treatment for the first time.Group 2 (Unmedicated ADHD): 400 children and adolescents with a clinical diagnosis of ADHD who have never been treated with ADHD medication and have no intention of beginning medication.Group 3 (Non-ADHD): 400 children and adolescents without ADHD who are siblings of individuals in either group 1 or 2.All participants will be assessed 5 times during their 2-year follow-up period for growth and development, psychiatric, neurological and cardiovascular health. The primary outcome measure will be the height velocity SD score.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS AND ANALYSIS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Ethical approval for the study has been granted by the East of Scotland Research Ethics Service. Following this approval, patient information leaflets and consent forms were translated as necessary and submissions made by lead sites in each of the other 3 countries to their own ethics committees. Following ethical approval in each country, local ethical permissions at each site were sought and obtained as needed. The study's website (http://www.adhd-adduce.org/page/view/2/Home) provides information for researchers, participants and the general public."", attributes={'Label': 'ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('NCT01470261.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"35462238,The factor structure of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in schoolchildren.,"['ADHD', 'ADHD-RS', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Bifactor model', 'Children', 'Confirmatory factor analysis']","['Trine Wigh Arildskov', 'Anne Virring', 'Rikke Lambek', 'Anders Helles Carlsen', 'Edmund J S Sonuga-Barke', 'Søren D Østergaard', 'Per Hove Thomsen']","[StringElement('Most studies support a bifactor model of childhood ADHD with two specific factors. However, several studies have not compared this model with a bifactor model with three specific factors, few have tested the actual strength of the factors, and none have examined whether ""talks excessively"" should be treated as a hyperactivity versus impulsivity symptom in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To examine the factor structure of ADHD symptoms and evaluate the relative strength of potential factors.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Parent-reports on the ADHD-Rating Scale (ADHD-RS-IV) were collected for 2044 schoolchildren from the general population and 147 children with ADHD from a clinical sample. Single-, two- and three-(correlated and bi-)factor models were tested using confirmatory factor analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Most models had a satisfactory fit. However, a correlated three-factor model where ""talks excessively"" was included as an indicator of impulsivity, and especially a bifactor model with one strong, well-defined general and two/three (ICD-10 defined) weak specific factors fit the data slightly better than the remaining models.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The factor structure is best characterized by a bifactor model with a strong general factor and two/three weaker specific factors. Therefore, we suggest emphasizing the ADHD-RS-IV total score rather than the subscale scores in clinical practice.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30414552,Increased zonulin is associated with hyperactivity and social dysfunctions in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,[],"['Gonca Özyurt', 'Yusuf Öztürk', 'Yeliz Çağan Appak', 'Fatma Demet Arslan', 'Maşallah Baran', 'İnanç Karakoyun', 'Ali Evren Tufan', 'Aynur Akay Pekcanlar']","[StringElement('In attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), deteriorations of brain gut axis has been shown in previous studies. One area where the most important challenges are seen in ADHD is social functioning. Zonulin is a protein found in the intestinal intraepithelial component; it has been shown that the level of zonulin increases when intestinal permeability is impaired. Changes in intestinal function were shown in ADHD. Zonulin has been shown to be associated with social impairment in children with autism spectrum disorder. In this study, it was aimed to evaluate the relationship between the ADHD symptoms and zonulin in children with ADHD. Secondarily relation of zonulin and difficulties in social functioning was examined in these children.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Forty children diagnosed with ADHD and forty-one healthy children similar age and gender to ADHD group and their mothers were included in the study. Children without any chronic systemic immunological or infectious diseases were included in the case and control group. The ADHD symptoms were scored by the DuPaul ADHD scale and the social functioning of the children was assessed by the Social Responsiveness Scale (SRS). Serum zonulin levels were analyzed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children with ADHD had higher serum zonulin levels and were more impaired in social functioning compared to controls. The level of zonulin was independently predicted with hyperactivity symptoms and SRS scores in regression analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In this sample of children with ADHD, elevated zonulin levels were associated with increased symptoms of hyperactivity and impairment of social functioning.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35697401,Updates in Pharmacologic Strategies in Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['ADHD medications', 'ADHD treatment', 'Adult ADHD', 'Attention', 'Hyperactivity']","['Deepti Anbarasan', 'Gabriella Safyer', 'Lenard A Adler']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) significantly worsens quality of life and long-term functional outcomes in adults. Individual impairments in adults with ADHD can be further contextualized within considerable costs to society at large. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved stimulants and nonstimulant medications can significantly improve ADHD symptoms in adults. In the past 2\xa0decades, the United States FDA has expanded approval of pharmacotherapeutic options for adult ADHD. However, limitations still persist in available psychotropics for certain patient populations such as those with comorbid substance use or cardiovascular illness. Clinicians therefore must appreciate several ongoing investigations into medications with unique mechanisms of action. This article reviews the current FDA approved and emerging medication options while providing guidelines for pharmacologic management of adult ADHD.']"33586830,Adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and early maladaptive schemas.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'cognitive behaviour therapy', 'early maladaptive schemas', 'schema therapy']","['Seda Kiraz', 'Sencan Sertçelik']","['The purpose of the current study is to present the early maladaptive schemas in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). The study sample comprised 107 participants, including 55 adult ADHD and 52 healthy volunteers. The age of the participants ranged between 18 and 32\u2009years. Structured Clinical Interview Form for DSM-IV Axis I (SCID-I) and Structured Clinical Interview Form for DSM-III-R Disorders (SCID-II) were applied to all participants and Diagnostic Interview for ADHD (DIVA) for ADHD group based on DSM-5 criteria. The participants filled the Young Schema Questionnaire (YSQ-S3), Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS), Wender Utah RatingScale-25 (WURS), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and The Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI). All maladaptive schemas were found to be statistically significantly higher in the ADHD group. As compatible with ADHD core symptoms, ""Failure,"" ""Emotional Inhibition,"" ""Insufficient Self-Control"" and ""Social Isolation"" were the most seen maladaptive schemas in the ADHD group. ""Approval Seeking,"" ""Entitlement/Grandiosity"" and ""Punitiveness"" were found the weakest schemas in the ADHD group. This study besides supporting the theory of early maladaptive schemas suggests that identifying and modifying maladaptive schemas interventions based on specific schemas can be an important and useful method for psychotherapy in treatment of ADHD.']"34087522,Mother's hair cortisol and symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in her preschool child.,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Caregiver stress', 'Hair cortisol', 'Preschool aged children']","['Alisa Susann Cosan', 'Susan Schloß', 'Zoe Vasen', 'Miriam Hausner', 'Hanna Christiansen', 'Katja Becker', 'Nadine Skoluda', 'Urs M Nater', 'Ursula Pauli-Pott']","[""Children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) require increased caregiver assistance and supervision, and their parents have shown high perceived parenting stress. Hence, physiological adjustment processes in the caregivers, involving the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, seem plausible. We analyzed the association between maternal hair cortisol concentration (HCC) and symptoms of ADHD in preschool-aged children. 150 mothers of 4-5-year-old children participated in the study. To determine the HCC, the first scalp-near 3\xa0cm hair segment was used. ADHD symptoms of the child were measured using teacher- and parent-report questionnaires and a clinical interview with the mother. When controlling for several putative confounders, teacher-reported ADHD symptoms were significantly positively associated with mothers' HCC. No associations of HCC with the mother-reported ADHD symptoms of the child emerged. It is possible that teacher-reported ADHD symptoms of the child reflect relevant ADHD symptoms more validly. As our study is the first on this issue, cross-validation is needed.""]"34998087,The impact of insomnia disorder on adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder severity: A six-month follow-up study.,"['ADHD', 'Comorbidity', 'Insomnia disorder', 'Psychiatric comorbidities', 'Severity', 'Treatment']","['C Fadeuilhe', 'C Daigre', 'L Grau-López', 'V Richarte', 'R F Palma-Álvarez', 'M Corrales', 'B Sáez', 'M Baz', 'J A Ramos-Quiroga']","[StringElement('The longitudinal relationship between insomnia disorder and adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has been scarcely investigated. This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between the remission of insomnia disorder and adult ADHD clinical severity, psychiatric and medical comorbidities, and the health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in a 6-month follow-up.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('Ninety-two adult patients with ADHD and insomnia disorder (52.2% males; mean age 39.5\xa0±\xa011.0 years) were comprehensively assessed at baseline, 3 months, and 6 months of a follow-up period. The evaluation included semi-structured interviews (for ADHD and comorbidity assessment), the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, Insomnia Severity Index, and Epworth Sleepiness Scale. The diagnosis of ADHD and insomnia disorder was performed according to DSM-5 criteria. At baseline and follow-up, psychoeducation/sleep hygiene and, if necessary, pharmacological were prescribed for insomnia.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Eighty-seven patients completed the 6-month follow-up. Insomnia disorder remission was reported in 72.4% of cases and was related to a greater improvement in ADHD symptoms and severity throughout the follow-up period. Additionally, an improvement in psychiatric comorbidities and better HRQoL were associated with insomnia disorder remission.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The current study highlights that the treatment of insomnia disorder in ADHD adult patients may have an important role in the outcome of ADHD therapeutic approaches by reducing their severity.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35171803,"[Neuropsychological deficit, symptom intensity and functional impairment in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder].","['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ', 'functional impairment', 'models', 'neuropsychology', 'symptoms']","['Jacobo Albert', 'Alberto J Sánchez-Carmona', 'Sara López-Martín', 'Beatriz Calleja-Pérez', 'Daniel M Fernández-Mayoralas', 'Ana Jiménez de Domingo', 'Ana L Fernández-Perrone', 'Alberto Fernández-Jaén']","['This study aims to contribute to a better understanding of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) by comprehensively examining the relationship between two of the main cognitive deficits of the disorder (attention and inhibitory control), symptomatology (inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity) and functional impairment in 85 children and adolescents with ADHD without other comorbid disorders. We found, independent of general intellectual functioning and age, that i) greater attentional and inhibitory deficits predicted greater severity of ADHD symptoms, ii) greater attentional and inhibitory deficits predicted greater functional impairment, but not in a direct way but through symptoms, and iii) greater symptomatic severity predicted greater functional impairment. Beginning to explore and understand the complexity of ADHD is key to advance our knowledge of the disorder and for correct clinical decision making.']"35710251,Digital cognitive training in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a study protocol of a randomised controlled trial.,"['child & adolescent psychiatry', 'education & training (see medical education & training)', 'paediatrics']","['Sally Richmond', 'Hannah Kirk', 'Tori Gaunson', 'Meg Bennett', 'Mark A Bellgrove', 'Kim Cornish']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most prevalent neurodevelopmental disorders and is a persistent pattern of inattention and/or hyperactivity-impulsivity that interferes with daily functioning. Children with ADHD are developmentally vulnerable, with the disorder linked to emotional regulation difficulties, behavioural disturbances, as well as academic challenges. Emerging evidence suggests that children with ADHD may benefit from cognitive training interventions, including those focused on attention. This study aims to assess the immediate and long-term efficacy of an attention training intervention in children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('This study is a preregistered, parallel, double blind, randomised controlled trial. Participants will comprise 104 children with a diagnosis of ADHD aged 5-8 years 11 months. Participants will be randomly allocated to either an adaptive, digital game-based (1) attention training programme (intervention) or (2) a numeracy programme (control). Both programmes will be delivered on a touchscreen tablet, and children will complete five 20\u2009min sessions per week for a 5-week period at home (25 sessions in total). Assessments of the primary outcome (ie, attention and inhibitory control) and secondary outcomes (ie, selective attention, interference control, sustained attention, inhibition, behavioural attention, impairment in everyday functioning, working memory and executive functioning) will occur at preintervention, immediately postintervention and at 3-month follow-up. Multivariate linear regression will be employed to examine primary and secondary outcomes. The data analyst will be blinded to group membership.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS AND ANALYSIS'}), StringElement('Ethics approval has been obtained from the Monash University HREC (20495). Results will be disseminated through peer-reviewed journals, conference presentations, media outlets, the internet and various community/stakeholder activities.', attributes={'Label': 'ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION'}), StringElement('ACTRN12620000964910, UTN U1111-1250-2620.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER'})]"34049039,Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder symptoms and sleep problems in preschool children: the role of autistic traits.,"['ADHD', 'Autism', 'Preschool', 'Sleep problems']","['Andrew Stickley', 'Aya Shirama', 'Shingo Kitamura', 'Yoko Kamio', 'Hidetoshi Takahashi', 'Aya Saito', 'Hideyuki Haraguchi', 'Hirokazu Kumazaki', 'Kazuo Mishima', 'Tomiki Sumiyoshi']","[StringElement('Sleep problems are elevated in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, until now there has been comparatively little research on the role of autistic traits in this association. The current study examined the association between ADHD symptoms and sleep problems in Japanese preschool children and whether autistic traits might also be important for this relationship.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""Data were analyzed from 1053 children (average age 64.14 months, range 58-71; 50.3% male) that were drawn from the Tama Children's Survey (TCS). Parent-reported information was obtained on ADHD symptoms using the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ) and autistic traits with the Social Responsiveness Scale Second Edition (SRS-2). Parents also provided information on three different categories of sleep problems experienced by their children - parasomnias, sleep disordered breathing and awakening/daytime problems. Ordinal logistic regression analysis was used to examine the associations."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""In analyses adjusted for sociodemographic factors, the mother's mental health and child's emotional problems, compared to children with no ADHD symptoms or autistic traits, children with only ADHD symptoms had significantly increased odds for only one of 11 individual sleep problems - waking in a negative mood. In contrast, children with comorbid ADHD symptoms and autistic traits had elevated odds for five sleep problems with odds ratios ranging from 2.10 (takes time to become alert in the morning) to 3.46 (excessive body movement while sleeping)."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Sleep problems may be especially elevated in children with comorbid ADHD symptoms and autistic traits.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"28957791,"Stress, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms and tobacco smoking: The i-Share study.","['ADHD', 'Epidemiology', 'Nicotine', 'Stress', 'Students']","['C Galéra', 'J Salla', 'I Montagni', 'S Hanne-Poujade', 'R Salamon', 'O Grondin', 'E Guichard', 'M P Bouvard', 'C Tzourio', 'G Michel']","[StringElement('The contribution of mental health to the risk of smoking is increasingly acknowledged but still insufficiently studied during the key period of student life. In particular, the simultaneous action of stress and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) symptoms on the risk of smoking remains poorly understood.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To assess the effects of stress and ADHD symptoms on tobacco smoking.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS'}), StringElement('Multivariate modeling was conducted on the French i-Share study (n=8110, median age 20.3 years, 74.8% females, 32.9% regular/occasional smokers) to evaluate the associations between stress, ADHD symptoms and tobacco smoking, adjusting for potential family/socio-demographic confounders.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Students with high levels of stress were more likely to smoke>10 cigarettes/day (adjusted odds ratio (aOR): 1.48, 95% CI: 1.12-1.96) than those with low levels of stress. Students with high levels of ADHD symptoms were more likely to smoke>10 cigarettes/day (aOR: 2.08, 95% CI: 1.58-2.75) than those with low levels of ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Stress and ADHD contribute independently to the risk of smoking. Interventions targeting each condition are likely to reduce the burden of tobacco use in students.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"26968498,Comorbidity of personality disorders and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in adults.,"['Combined attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Comorbidity', 'Comorbilidad', 'Hyperactive attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Inattent attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Personality disorders', 'Trastorno por déficit de atención con hiperactividad', 'Trastorno por déficit de atención e hiperactividad combinado', 'Trastorno por déficit de atención por inatención', 'Trastornos de personalidad']","['Luis Javier Irastorza Eguskiza', 'Jose M Bellón', 'María Mora']","[StringElement('A high comorbidity has been observed among attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and categorical personality disorders (PD). A study is conducted on the dimensional traits associated with ADHD and PD, in order to determine whether there are any differences.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A cross-sectional study was conducted on 78 outpatients attending a Mental Health Clinic in Arganda (Madrid) from January 2013 to June 2015. ADHD diagnosis was evaluated with the CAARS, the CAADID, and the WURS scales, and the PD with the SCID-II-DSM-IV questionnaire. None of the patients were receiving any stimulant or atomoxetine before the study, and all patients signed the informed consent before the study.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODOLOGY', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A high comorbidity was found with all PD clusters, especially with hyperactive and combined type ADHD. Depressive PD was associated with inattentive ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In spite of using a questionnaire to evaluate PD, some differences can be observed between specific ADHD types and PD. More studies are needed to investigate dimensional personality traits in order to improve the diagnosis and therapeutics goals.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31819038,Structural brain abnormalities in children and adolescents with comorbid autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,[],"['Yoshifumi Mizuno', 'Kuriko Kagitani-Shimono', 'Minyoung Jung', 'Kai Makita', 'Shinichiro Takiguchi', 'Takashi X Fujisawa', 'Masaya Tachibana', 'Mariko Nakanishi', 'Ikuko Mohri', 'Masako Taniike', 'Akemi Tomoda']","['Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) share high rates of comorbidity, with the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-Fifth Edition now acknowledging the comorbid diagnosis of ASD and ADHD. Although structural abnormalities in the prefrontal cortex, cerebellum, and basal ganglia occur in both ASD and ADHD, no structural studies have focused exclusively on patients with comorbid ASD and ADHD. We thus aimed to clarify the structural features and developmental changes in patients with comorbid ASD and ADHD in a relatively large sample from two sites. Ninety-two patients were age-matched to 141 typically developing (TD) controls (age range: 5-16 years) and assessed for volumetric characteristics using structural magnetic resonance imaging (i.e. surface-based morphometry). While there were no significant differences in prefrontal cortex, cerebellum, and basal ganglia volumes, patients with ASD and ADHD exhibited significantly lower left postcentral gyrus volumes than TD controls. We observed significantly lower postcentral gyrus volumes exclusively in children and preadolescents, and not in adolescents. Our findings suggest that abnormal somatosensory, attributed to delayed maturation of the left postcentral gyrus, leads to the core symptoms experienced by patients with comorbid ASD and ADHD.']"29688116,Association between altered lipid profiles and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in boys.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'boys', 'cholesterol', 'high-density lipoprotein', 'lipids', 'low-density lipoprotein']",['Sibelnur Avcil'],"[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder, which is multifactorial, complex, and seen most commonly in childhood.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The aim of this study was to examine the hypothesis that altered serum lipid profiles are associated with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'AIMS', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The study inluded 32 boys diagnosed with ADHD according to DSM-IV-R criteria and a control group of 29 healthy subjects. All patients were assessed with The Kiddie Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia Present and Lifetime Version, the Turgay DSM-IV-based Disruptive Behavior Disorders Child and Adolescent Rating and Screening Scale, the Conners Parent Rating Scale-Revised Long Form, and the Conners Teacher Rating Scale. Measurements were taken of fasting plasma total cholesterol (T-Chol), triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and 1-day food intake levels, and the groups were compared.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""The mean TC, LDL, and HDL levels were significantly lower in the ADHD group than the control group (p\u2009=\u2009.005, p\u2009<\u2009.001, p\u2009=\u2009.002, respectively). There was no significant difference between the groups' TG levels (p\u2009=\u2009.295). No significant differences were determined between the combined-type ADHD patients and the predominantly inattentive subtype of ADHD in respect to the lipid profile."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The results of this study add to the growing body of evidence indicating an association between serum cholesterol and ADHD in boys. Further genetic and molecular studies are required to elucidate the biochemical mechanisms underlying this relationship.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33779502,Impaired auditory and visual time reproduction in adult patients with attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder.,"['Adult ADHD', 'attention', 'time perception', 'time reproduction', 'working memory']","['Gamze Taş Dölek', 'Erguvan Tugba Ozel-Kizil', 'Gulbahar Bastug', 'Zeynel Baran', 'Burcin Colak']","['<b>Objective:</b> Although impaired time perception is associated with significant disturbance in the everyday functioning of adult patients with Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), it is not very well studied. The present study aimed to evaluate both visual and auditory time reproduction (TR) by using eight time intervals in adult ADHD patients compared to healthy controls (HC).<b>Method:</b> Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-R (WAIS-R), Adult Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder Self-Report Scale (ASRS), Wender Utah Rating Scale (WURS), Hyperfocusing Scale (HS), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and a 2-back task were administered to participants. In TR tasks, participants reproduced the same duration of the auditory/visual stimulus by pressing a key and absolute discrepancy scores (ADS) were calculated. A 2 (Group) x 2 (Task Modality) x 8 (Time Interval: 500, 1000, 2000, 4000, 6000, 8000, 12000 and 16000\xa0msec) mixed-design ANOVA was performed.<b>Results:</b> All clinical scores of ADHD group were higher than HC (p\xa0<\xa0.001) while WAIS-R and 2-back performances of the groups were similar. Mixed-design ANOVA yielded significant Group and Time Interval main effects as well as a Group X Time Interval effect (both p <\xa0.001). ADHD patients had larger ADS than HC and as time intervals increased, error levels increased. Errors for time intervals >8000\xa0msec were more prominent in patients. For both TR tasks, ASRS-hyperactivity/impulsivity scores were the main predictor of ADS in the linear regression analysis, while ASRS-attention deficit and HS scores were excluded.<b>Conclusion:</b> Results of the present study indicate significant TR impairment in adult ADHD regardless of task modality (visual or auditory), depressive symptoms and working memory performances. Longer time intervals in TR tasks differentiated patients better and TR impairment was associated with hyperactivity/impulsivity. These findings should be replicated in larger samples and underlying neurobiological components of impaired TR need to be examined in future research.']"31269807,Maternal smoking during pregnancy and physiological anxiety in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Anxiety', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'mother smoking', 'nicotine exposure', 'smoking']","['Elizabeth Zambrano-Sánchez', 'José Martínez-Cortés', 'Adrián Poblano', 'Minerva Dehesa-Moreno', 'Francisco Vázquez-Urbano', 'Yolanda Del Río-Carlos']","[""Our objective was to explore the relationship between mother smoking during pregnancy and physiological anxiety of children with Attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder. Cognitive profile was evaluated by Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children, physiological anxiety by Children's Manifest Anxiety Scale. Mother's smoking was evaluated by the Fagerström test for nicotine dependence. Ninety-seven children with Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder combined type, 70 inattentive, and 48 hyperactive-impulsive, and 130 controls were studied. We found a higher frequency of high smoking dependence in mothers of children with Attention Deficit-Hyperactivity Disorder-combined type, and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder-hyperactive type in the Fagerström test; and a significant correlation between physiological anxiety in children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder-combined type, with high and moderate maternal smoking level during pregnancy. In conclusion, data suggests, with caution a brain alteration of infants, induced by nicotine exposure during pregnancy in children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder-combined type, and Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder-hyperactive type.""]"35286460,Tryptophan modulation in individuals with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review.,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Diet', 'Serotonin', 'Tryptophan']","['Larisa Maria Dinu', 'Nachaphol Phattharakulnij', 'Eleanor Jane Dommett']","[""The serotonergic system is implicated in ADHD, but the impact of serotonin's precursor molecule, tryptophan, on ADHD symptomology remains unclear. Systematic searches of randomised controlled trials with an experimental tryptophan intervention in children and adults with ADHD identified 14 studies measuring core and related symptoms of the condition. Risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane Risk of Bias tool. The 14 studies all used acute tryptophan depletion procedures, and most did not investigate core ADHD symptoms (inattention, impulsivity, hyperactivity) as primary outcome measures. Only two studies examined attention and revealed mixed effects of tryptophan. Similar effects were found for impulsivity in a small number of studies. No studies investigated hyperactivity. Most studies focused on reactive aggression, but samples were heterogenous and small, rendering potential meta-analyses inconclusive or misleading. However, the narrative analysis indicates tryptophan interventions may impact reactive aggression. More research is needed on the effect of tryptophan modulation on core ADHD symptoms, especially in adults, using more diverse samples to determine potential as an intervention. From current data, tryptophan modulation appears to alter aggressive behaviour in ADHD; however, the available studies were insufficient for the planned meta-analysis.""]"33814023,Insights into attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder from recent genetic studies.,"['ADHD', 'GWAS', 'genetics', 'twin studies']","['Isabell Brikell', 'Christie Burton', 'Nina Roth Mota', 'Joanna Martin']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common and highly heritable neurodevelopmental disorder (NDD). In this narrative review, we summarize recent advances in quantitative and molecular genetic research from the past 5-10 years. Combined with large-scale international collaboration, these advances have resulted in fast-paced progress in understanding the etiology of ADHD and how genetic risk factors map on to clinical heterogeneity. Studies are converging on a number of key insights. First, ADHD is a highly polygenic NDD with a complex genetic architecture encompassing risk variants across the spectrum of allelic frequencies, which are implicated in neurobiological processes. Second, genetic studies strongly suggest that ADHD diagnosis shares a large proportion of genetic risks with continuously distributed traits of ADHD in the population, with shared genetic risks also seen across development and sex. Third, ADHD genetic risks are shared with those implicated in many other neurodevelopmental, psychiatric and somatic phenotypes. As sample sizes and the diversity of genetic studies continue to increase through international collaborative efforts, we anticipate further success with gene discovery, characterization of how the ADHD phenotype relates to other human traits and growing potential to use genomic risk factors for understanding clinical trajectories and for precision medicine approaches.']"31546229,Association between circulating zinc/ferritin levels and parent Conner's scores in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit', 'ELISA', 'Ferritin', 'Hyperactivity disorder', 'Zinc']","['Farida M El-Baz', 'Azza M Youssef', 'Eman Khairy', 'Dina Ramadan', 'Walaa Y Youssef']","[""ADHD is one of the most common neurobehavioral disorders among children and adolescents. In this prospective study, we aimed to measure circulating zinc and ferritin levels in children with ADHD, pick up the deficient ones to give zinc and iron supplements then compare before and after treatment according to their Conner's scores and Wecsler IQ test. Current study included fifty children diagnosed as having ADHD by DSMV criteria, their zinc and ferritin levels were measured by Colorimetric method and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) respectively. They were divided into: group I (zinc only deficient),group II (zinc and ferritin deficient),group III (non-deficient), cases with mineral deficiency received zinc (55\u202fmg/day) and/or iron (6\u202fmg/kg/day) for 6 months then reassessed by parent Conner's rating scale. In group 1, there was no significant difference between the Wecsler verbal and non-verbal IQ scores and oppositional and cognitive problems in Conner's scores before and after zinc supplements, although there was significant improvement in attention, hyperactivity, emotional liability and impulsivity. In group II, there was significant improvement in verbal and total IQ but not in performance IQ, also there was significant improvement in hyperactivity, emotional liability and impulsivity with no significant difference in oppositional, cognitive problems and inattention before and after zinc/ iron supplements. In Conclusion, Zinc supplements in adjuvant to the main treatment significantly improved symptoms of ADHD children. However, a combined zinc and iron supplements was superior to zinc alone in alleviating ADHD symptoms as well as IQ improvement.""]"34477886,Effects of stimulant medication on divergent and convergent thinking tasks related to creativity in adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Creativity', 'Dopamine', 'Norepinephrine', 'Stimulant medication']","['Molly McBride', 'Carrina Appling', 'Bradley Ferguson', 'Alyssia Gonzalez', 'Andrea Schaeffer', 'Amanda Zand', 'David Wang', 'Alinna Sam', 'Eric Hart', 'Aneesh Tosh', 'Ivan Fontcha', 'Sophia Parmacek', 'David Beversdorf']","[StringElement('Common pharmacological treatments for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are central nervous system stimulants acting as norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitors. The noradrenergic and dopaminergic systems have been shown to impact performance on tasks assessing creativity. Some previous studies suggest higher performance on creativity tasks in ADHD. Stimulant medication has been shown to differentially impact creativity in those without ADHD. However, the full range of effects of stimulant medication on creativity in those with ADHD is not known.', attributes={'Label': 'RATIONALE', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This study examined the effects of stimulants on convergent and divergent tasks associated with creativity in adults with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Seventeen adults diagnosed with ADHD who were prescribed stimulant medication attended two counterbalanced sessions: one after taking their prescribed stimulant dose and one after the dose was withheld. Participants completed convergent problem-solving (anagrams, Compound Remote Associates) and divergent generative (letter/semantic fluency, Torrance Test for Creative Thinking (TTCT)-Verbal) tasks.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('There was a significant increase in words generated on the semantic fluency task for the stimulant session. Additionally, significant increases were found in the stimulant session for originality, flexibility, and fluency scores on the TTCT. Stimulant medication did not have an effect on any of the problem-solving tasks.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Stimulant medication enhanced verbal fluency in adults with ADHD but had no effect on convergent abilities. Furthermore, stimulants enhanced fluency, flexibility, and originality scores on the TTCT. Therefore, stimulants appear to have positive effects on divergent task performance in adults with ADHD, but not convergent tasks. This finding warrants further studies into the specific roles of norepinephrine and dopamine in this effect.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31660906,Prenatal pet keeping and caregiver-reported attention deficit hyperactivity disorder through preadolescence in a United States birth cohort.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Birth cohort', 'Pet keeping', 'Prenatal']","['Andrea E Cassidy-Bushrow', 'Alexandra R Sitarik', 'Tisa M Johnson-Hooper', 'Jannel M Phillips', 'Kyra Jones', 'Christine Cole Johnson', 'Jennifer K Straughen']","[StringElement('While the keeping of pets has been shown to protect against childhood allergic disease and obesity, less is known regarding potential associations of prenatal pet keeping and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). We sought to examine the associations between prenatal dog or cat keeping with caregiver-reported ADHD in preadolescents in the Wayne County Health, Environment, Allergy and Asthma Longitudinal Study (WHEALS) birth cohort (N\u2009=\u20091258).', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('At an interview with the caregiver at child age 10-12\u2009years, caregivers reported if the WHEALS child had ever been diagnosed with ADHD. Similarly, during an interview with the mother prenatally, pet keeping (defined as dog or cat kept inside ≥1\u2009h/day) was ascertained. Logistic regression models were fit to examine the association of prenatal pet keeping (dog keeping and cat keeping, separately) with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A subset of 627 children were included in the analyses: 93 who had ADHD and 534 with neurotypical development. After accounting for confounders and loss to follow-up, maternal prenatal dog exposure was associated with 2.23 times (95% CI: 1.15, 4.31; p\u2009=\u20090.017) greater odds of ADHD among boys. Prenatal dog keeping was not statistically significantly associated with ADHD in girls (odds ratio\u2009=\u20090.27, 95% CI: 0.06, 1.12; p\u2009=\u20090.070). Prenatal cat keeping was not associated with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In boys, but not girls, maternal prenatal dog keeping was positively associated with ADHD. Further study to confirm these findings and to identify potential mechanisms of this association (e.g., modification of the gut microbiome, exposure to environmental toxicants or pet-related medications) is needed.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31778781,Increased Functional Segregation Related to the Salience Network in Unaffected Siblings of Youths With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'connectome-wide association study', 'resting-state functional connectivity', 'salience network', 'unaffected siblings']","['Hsiang-Yuan Lin', 'Daniel Kessler', 'Wen-Yih Isaac Tseng', 'Susan Shur-Fen Gau']","[StringElement('Although there are frequent reports of shared neurofunctional and neurostructural alterations among probands with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and their unaffected siblings, there is little knowledge regarding whether abnormalities in the resting-state functional connectivity of ADHD probands is also expressed in unaffected siblings, or whether this unaffected (but at-risk) cohort manifests distinct patterns.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We used a multivariate connectome-wide association study examining intrinsic functional connectivity with resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in a sample (aged 8-17 years) of medication-naive ADHD probands (n\xa0= 56), their unaffected siblings (n\xa0= 55), and typically developing (TD) youths (n\xa0= 106).', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('ADHD probands showed, relative to TD youths, increased connectivity between the default-mode network (DMN) and task-positive networks. Relative to ADHD and TD groups, respectively, unaffected siblings showed increased connectivity within the salience network and reduced connectivity between the DMN and salience network. No shared alterations in functional connectivity among ADHD probands and their unaffected siblings were identified. These findings were largely confirmed by complementary pairwise connectomic comparisons. However, the main connectivity differences between ADHD and unaffected siblings were not replicated in a tightly age- and sex-matched subsample (20 proband-sibling pairs and 60 TD youths).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Our findings suggest that increased functional segregation related to the attention networks, especially the salience (ventral attention) system, may be a potential feature of at-risk siblings who remain unaffected by ADHD expression. Further replications are needed in other larger and sex-matched samples.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'}), StringElement('Structural and Functional Connectivity of Frontostriatal and Frontoparietal Networks as Endophenotypes of ADHD; https://clinicaltrials.gov/; NCT01682915.', attributes={'Label': 'CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION INFORMATION'})]"30091808,Amphetamines for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults.,[],"['Xavier Castells', 'Lídia Blanco-Silvente', 'Ruth Cunill']","[StringElement(""Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a childhood-onset disorder characterised by inattention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity. ADHD can persist into adulthood and can affects individuals' social and occupational functioning, as well as their quality of life and health. ADHD is frequently associated with other mental disorders such as substance use disorders and anxiety and affective disorders. Amphetamines are used to treat adults with ADHD, but uncertainties about their efficacy and safety remain."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To examine the efficacy and safety of amphetamines for adults with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('In August 2017, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, 10 other databases, and two trials registers, and we ran citation searches for included studies. We also contacted the corresponding authors of all included studies, other experts in the field, and the pharmaceutical company, Shire, and we searched the reference lists of retrieved studies and reviews for other published, unpublished, or ongoing studies. For each included study, we performed a citation search in Web of Science to identify any later studies that may have cited it.', attributes={'Label': 'SEARCH METHODS'}), StringElement('We searched for randomised controlled trials comparing the efficacy of amphetamines (at any dose) for ADHD in adults aged 18 years and over against placebo or an active intervention.', attributes={'Label': 'SELECTION CRITERIA'}), StringElement('Two review authors extracted data from each included study. We used the standardised mean difference (SMD) and the risk ratio (RR) to assess continuous and dichotomous outcomes, respectively. We conducted a stratified analysis to determine the influence of moderating variables. We assessed trials for risk of bias and drew a funnel plot to investigate the possibility of publication bias. We rated the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach, which yielded high, moderate, low, or very low quality ratings based on evaluation of within-trial risk of bias, directness of evidence, heterogeneity of data; precision of effect estimates, and risk of publication bias.', attributes={'Label': 'DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS'}), StringElement(""We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg/d), lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/d to 70 mg/d), and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS; 12.5 mg/d to 80 mg/d). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks.We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool, mainly because amphetamines have powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design.Sixteen studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry, one study was publicly funded, and two studies did not report their funding sources.Amphetamines versus placeboSeverity of ADHD symptoms: we found low- to very low-quality evidence suggesting that amphetamines reduced the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by clinicians (SMD -0.90, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.04 to -0.75; 13 studies, 2028 participants) and patients (SMD -0.51, 95% CI -0.75 to -0.28; six studies, 120 participants).Retention: overall, we found low-quality evidence suggesting that amphetamines did not improve retention in treatment (risk ratio (RR) 1.06, 95% CI 0.99 to 1.13; 17 studies, 2323 participants).Adverse events: we found that amphetamines were associated with an increased proportion of patients who withdrew because of adverse events (RR 2.69, 95% CI 1.63 to 4.45; 17 studies, 2409 participants).Type of amphetamine: we found differences between amphetamines for the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by clinicians. Both lisdexamfetamine (SMD -1.06, 95% CI -1.26 to -0.85; seven studies, 896 participants; low-quality evidence) and MAS (SMD -0.80, 95% CI -0.93 to -0.66; five studies, 1083 participants; low-quality evidence) reduced the severity of ADHD symptoms. In contrast, we found no evidence to suggest that dexamphetamine reduced the severity of ADHD symptoms (SMD -0.24, 95% CI -0.80 to 0.32; one study, 49 participants; very low-quality evidence). In addition, all amphetamines were efficacious in reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by patients (dexamphetamine: SMD -0.77, 95% CI -1.14 to -0.40; two studies, 35 participants; low-quality evidence; lisdexamfetamine: SMD -0.33, 95% CI -0.65 to -0.01; three studies, 67 participants; low-quality evidence; MAS: SMD -0.45, 95% CI -1.02 to 0.12; one study, 18 participants; very low-quality evidence).Dose at study completion: different doses of amphetamines did not appear to be associated with differences in efficacy.Type of drug-release formulation: we investigated immediate- and sustained-release formulations but found no differences between them for any outcome.Amphetamines versus other drugsWe found no evidence that amphetamines improved ADHD symptom severity compared to other drug interventions."", attributes={'Label': 'MAIN RESULTS'}), StringElement('Amphetamines improved the severity of ADHD symptoms, as assessed by clinicians or patients, in the short term but did not improve retention to treatment. Amphetamines were associated with higher attrition due to adverse events. The short duration of studies coupled with their restrictive inclusion criteria limits the external validity of these findings. Furthermore, none of the included studies had an overall low risk of bias. Overall, the evidence generated by this review is of low or very low quality.', attributes={'Label': ""AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS""})]"35438451,All in the Family? A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Parenting and Family Environment as Risk Factors for Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in Children.,"['ADHD', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Family environment', 'Parenting']","['Angelika H Claussen', 'Joseph R Holbrook', 'Helena J Hutchins', 'Lara R Robinson', 'Jeanette Bloomfield', 'Lu Meng', 'Rebecca H Bitsko', ""Brenna O'Masta"", 'Audrey Cerles', 'Brion Maher', 'Margaret Rush', 'Jennifer W Kaminski']","[""Parenting and family environment have significant impact on child development, including development of executive function, attention, and self-regulation, and may affect the risk of developmental disorders including attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This paper examines the relationship of parenting and family environment factors with ADHD. A systematic review of the literature was conducted in 2014 and identified 52 longitudinal studies. A follow-up search in 2021 identified 7 additional articles, for a total of 59 studies that examined the association of parenting factors with ADHD outcomes: ADHD overall (diagnosis or symptoms), ADHD diagnosis specifically, or presence of the specific ADHD symptoms of inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity. For parenting factors that were present in three or more studies, pooled effect sizes were calculated separately for dichotomous or continuous ADHD outcomes, accounting for each study's conditional variance. Factors with sufficient information for analysis were parenting interaction quality (sensitivity/warmth, intrusiveness/reactivity, and negativity/harsh discipline), maltreatment (general maltreatment and physical abuse), parental relationship status (divorce, single parenting), parental incarceration, and child media exposure. All factors showed a significant direct association with ADHD outcomes, except sensitivity/warmth which had an inverse association. Parenting factors predicted diagnosis and overall symptoms as well as inattentive and hyperactive symptoms when measured, but multiple factors showed significant heterogeneity across studies. These findings support the possibility that parenting and family environment influences ADHD symptoms and may affect a child's likelihood of being diagnosed with ADHD. Prevention strategies that support parents, such as decreasing parenting challenges and increasing access to parent training in behavior management, may improve children's long-term developmental health.""]"28911901,Structural Brain Abnormalities of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder With Oppositional Defiant Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Comorbidity', 'Cortical thickness', 'ODD', 'SBM', 'Structural MRI']","['Siri D S Noordermeer', 'Marjolein Luman', 'Corina U Greven', 'Kim Veroude', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Catharina A Hartman', 'Pieter J Hoekstra', 'Barbara Franke', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Dirk J Heslenfeld', 'Jaap Oosterlaan']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with structural abnormalities in total gray matter, basal ganglia, and cerebellum. Findings of structural abnormalities in frontal and temporal lobes, amygdala, and insula are less consistent. Remarkably, the impact of comorbid oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) (comorbidity rates up to 60%) on these neuroanatomical differences is scarcely studied, while ODD (in combination with conduct disorder) has been associated with structural abnormalities of the frontal lobe, amygdala, and insula. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of comorbid ODD on cerebral volume and cortical thickness in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Three groups, 16 ± 3.5 years of age (mean ± SD; range 7-29 years), were studied on volumetric and cortical thickness characteristics using structural magnetic resonance imaging (surface-based morphometry): ADHD+ODD (n\xa0= 67), ADHD-only (n\xa0= 243), and control subjects (n\xa0= 233). Analyses included the moderators age, gender, IQ, and scan site.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD+ODD and ADHD-only showed volumetric reductions in total gray matter and (mainly) frontal brain areas. Stepwise volumetric reductions (ADHD+ODD < ADHD-only < control subjects) were found for mainly frontal regions, and ADHD+ODD was uniquely associated with reductions in several structures (e.g., the precuneus). In general, findings remained significant after accounting for ADHD symptom severity. There were no group differences in cortical thickness. Exploratory voxelwise analyses showed no group differences.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ADHD+ODD and ADHD-only were associated with volumetric reductions in brain areas crucial for\xa0attention, (working) memory, and decision-making. Volumetric reductions of frontal lobes were largest in the ADHD+ODD group, possibly underlying observed larger impairments in neurocognitive functions. Previously reported striatal abnormalities in ADHD may be caused by comorbid conduct disorder rather than ODD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30323291,Do borderline personality disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder co-aggregate in families? A population-based study of 2 million Swedes.,[],"['Ralf Kuja-Halkola', 'Kristina Lind Juto', 'Charlotte Skoglund', 'Christian Rück', 'David Mataix-Cols', 'Ana Pérez-Vigil', 'Johan Larsson', 'Clara Hellner', 'Niklas Långström', 'Predrag Petrovic', 'Paul Lichtenstein', 'Henrik Larsson']","['Large-scale family studies on the co-occurrence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and borderline personality disorder (BPD) are lacking. Thus, we aimed to estimate the co-occurrence and familial co-aggregation of clinically ascertained ADHD and BPD diagnoses using the entire Swedish population. In a register-based cohort design we included individuals born in Sweden 1979-2001, and identified their diagnoses during 1997-2013; in total, 2,113,902 individuals were included in the analyses. We obtained clinical diagnoses of ADHD and BPD from inpatient and outpatient care. Individuals with an ADHD diagnosis had an adjusted (for birth year, sex, and birth order) odds ratio (aOR) of 19.4 (95% confidence interval [95% CI]\u2009=\u200918.6-20.4) of also having a BPD diagnosis, compared to individuals not diagnosed with ADHD. Having a sibling with ADHD also increased the risk for BPD (monozygotic twins, aOR\u2009=\u200911.2, 95% CI\u2009=\u20093.0-42.2; full siblings, aOR\u2009=\u20092.8, 95% CI\u2009=\u20092.6-3.1; maternal half-siblings, aOR\u2009=\u20091.4, 95% CI\u2009=\u20091.2-1.7; paternal half-siblings, aOR\u2009=\u20091.5, 95% CI\u2009=\u20091.3-1.7). Cousins also had an increased risk. The strength of the association between ADHD and BPD was similar in females and males, and full siblings showed similar increased risks regardless of sex. Among both males and females, ADHD and BPD co-occur within individuals and co-aggregate in relatives; the pattern suggests shared genetic factors and no robust evidence for etiologic sex differences was found. Clinicians should be aware of increased risks for BPD in individuals with ADHD and their relatives, and vice versa.']"34217137,Development of bipolar disorder in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.,"['ADHD', 'Adolescents', 'Bipolar disorder', 'Children', 'Development']","['Giulio Emilio Brancati', 'Giulio Perugi', 'Annarita Milone', 'Gabriele Masi', 'Gianluca Sesso']","[StringElement('Increasing attention has been recently paid to precursors of bipolar disorder (BD). Symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have been reported among the most common prodromes of BD. The aim of this study was to estimate the risk of BD in youths affected by ADHD based on prospective studies.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A systematic review was conducted according to the PRISMA guidelines. A meta-analysis of single proportions was performed to compute the overall occurrence of BD in ADHD individuals. Binary outcome data were used to calculate risk estimates of BD occurrence in ADHD subjects versus Healthy Controls (HC).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('An overall proportion of BD occurrence of 10.01% (95%-confidence interval [CI]: 6.47%-15.19%; I<sup>2</sup>\xa0=\xa082.0%) was found among 1248 patients with ADHD over 10 prospective studies. A slightly higher proportion was found when excluding one study based on jack-knife sensitivity analysis (11.96%, 95%-CI: 9.15%-15.49%; I<sup>2</sup>\xa0=\xa054.1%) and in three offspring studies (12.87%, 95%-CI: 8.91%-18.23%). BD occurrence was not significantly associated with mean follow-up duration (p-value\xa0=\xa00.2118). A greater risk of BD occurrence in ADHD versus HC from six studies was found (risk ratio: 8.97, 95%-CI: 4.26-18.87, p-value < 0.0001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Few prospective studies have been retrieved in our search and most were not specifically aimed at assessing BD in followed-up ADHD patients.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('Greater clinical attention should be paid to ADHD as an early precursor of BD since a substantial proportion of ADHD patients is expected to be diagnosed with BD during the developmental age.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31769365,Shared alterations in resting-state brain connectivity in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and their unaffected first-degree relatives.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'default mode network', 'dimensional', 'endophenotype', 'functional connectivity', 'resting state', 'sustained attention']","['Valentino Antonio Pironti', 'Deniz Vatansever', 'Barbara Jacquelyn Sahakian']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a developmental condition that often persists into adulthood with extensive negative consequences on quality of life. Despite emerging evidence indicating the genetic basis of ADHD, investigations into the familial expression of latent neurocognitive traits remain limited.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('In a group of adult ADHD probands (n = 20), their unaffected first-degree relatives (n = 20) and typically developing control participants (n = 20), we assessed endophenotypic alterations in the default mode network (DMN) connectivity during resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging in relation to cognitive performance and clinical symptoms. In an external validation step, we also examined the dimensional nature of this neurocognitive trait in a sample of unrelated healthy young adults (n = 100) from the Human Connectome Project (HCP).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The results illustrated reduced anti-correlations between the posterior cingulate cortex/precuneus and right middle frontal gyrus that was shared between adult ADHD probands and their first-degree relatives, but not with healthy controls. The observed connectivity alterations were linked to higher ADHD symptoms that was mediated by performance in a sustained attention task. Moreover, this brain-based neurocognitive trait dimensionally explained ADHD symptom variability in the HCP sample.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Alterations in the default mode connectivity may represent a dimensional endophenotype of ADHD, hence a significant aspect of the neuropathophysiology of this disorder. As such, brain network organisation can potentially be employed as an important neurocognitive trait to enhance statistical power of genetic studies in ADHD and as a surrogate efficacy endpoint in the development of novel pharmaceuticals.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31928445,Time estimation exposure modifies cognitive aspects and cortical activity of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder adults.,"[' electroencephalography', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'theta band', 'time perception']","['Rhailana Medeiros Fontes', 'Victor Marinho', 'Valécia Carvalho', 'Kaline Rocha', 'Francisco Magalhães', 'Iris Moura', 'Pedro Ribeiro', 'Bruna Velasques', 'Mauricio Cagy', 'Daya S Gupta', 'Victor Hugo Bastos', 'Ariel Soares Teles', 'Silmar Teixeira']","[StringElement('This study investigated whether time-estimation task exposure influences the severity of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), as well as theta band activity in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and ventrolateral prefrontal cortex.', attributes={'Label': 'AIM', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Twenty-two patients with ADHD participated in a crossover experiment with a visual time-estimation task under control conditions (without exposure to time estimation tasks) and experimental (thirty days exposure to time-estimation tasks) in association with electroencephalographic analysis of theta band.', attributes={'Label': 'MATERIAL AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD patients with thirty days of time-estimation task exposure presented a worse performance of the time-estimation task, as revealed by the measurements of the absolute error and relative error (<i>p</i>\u2009≤\u20090.05). However, our findings show the improvement of self-reported symptoms of attention, impulsivity, and emotional control in patients after the time-estimation task exposure (<i>p</i>\u2009=\u20090.0001). Moreover, the theta band oscillations in the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and in the ventrolateral prefrontal increased with thirty days of time-estimation task exposure (<i>p</i>\u2009≤\u20090.05).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We propose that the decrease in EEG theta power may indicate an efficient accumulation of temporal pulses, which could be responsible for the improvement in the patient cognitive aspects as demonstrated by the current study. Time-estimation task improves ADHD cognitive symptoms, with a substantial increase in cortical areas activity related to attention and memory, suggesting its use as a tool for cognitive timing function management and non-invasive therapeutic aid in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"30773473,An Integrated Analysis of Neural Network Correlates of Categorical and Dimensional Models of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Categorical-dimensional analysis', 'Connectivity', 'Neural networks', 'Neuropsychology', 'Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging', 'rfMRI']","['Raimon H R Pruim', 'Christian F Beckmann', 'Marianne Oldehinkel', 'Jaap Oosterlaan', 'Dirk Heslenfeld', 'Catharina A Hartman', 'Pieter J Hoekstra', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Barbara Franke', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Maarten Mennes']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a heterogeneous neurodevelopmental disorder, putatively induced by dissociable dysfunctional biobehavioral pathways. Here, we present a proof-of-concept study to parse ADHD-related heterogeneity in its underlying neurobiology by investigating functional connectivity across multiple brain networks to 1) disentangle categorical diagnosis-related effects from dimensional behavior-related effects and 2) functionally map these neural correlates to neurocognitive measures.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We identified functional connectivity abnormalities related to ADHD across 14 networks within a large resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging dataset (n\xa0= 409; age\xa0= 17.5 ± 3.3 years). We tested these abnormalities for their association with the categorical ADHD diagnosis and with dimensional inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity scores using a novel modeling framework, creating orthogonalized models. Next, we evaluated the relationship of these findings with neurocognitive measures (working memory, response inhibition, reaction time variability, reward sensitivity).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Within the default mode network, we mainly observed categorical ADHD-related functional connectivity abnormalities, unrelated to neurocognitive measures. Clusters within the visual networks primarily related to dimensional scores of inattention and reaction time variability, while findings within the sensorimotor networks were mainly linked to hyperactivity/impulsivity and both reward sensitivity and working memory. Findings within the cerebellum network and salience network related to both categorical and dimensional ADHD measures and were linked to response inhibition and reaction time variability.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This proof-of-concept study identified ADHD-related neural correlates across multiple functional networks, showing distinct categorical and dimensional mechanisms and their links to neurocognitive functioning.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32575031,Prenatal antibiotic exposure and risk of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a population-based cohort study.,[],"['Amani F Hamad', 'Silvia Alessi-Severini', 'Salaheddin Mahmud', 'Marni Brownell', 'I Fan Kuo']","[StringElement('Abnormal microbiota composition induced by prenatal exposure to antibiotics has been proposed as a potential contributor to the development of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). We examined the association between prenatal antibiotic exposure and risk of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study of children born in Manitoba, Canada, between 1998 and 2017 and their mothers. We defined exposure as the mother having filled 1 or more antibiotic prescriptions during pregnancy. The outcome was diagnosis of ADHD in the offspring, as identified in administrative databases. We estimated hazard ratios (HRs) using Cox proportional hazards regression in the overall cohort, in a separate cohort matched on high-dimensional propensity scores and in a sibling cohort.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In the overall cohort, consisting of 187 605 children, prenatal antibiotic dispensation was associated with increased risk of ADHD (HR 1.22, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.18-1.26). Similar results were observed in the matched cohort of 129 674 children (HR 1.20, 95% CI 1.15-1.24) but not in the sibling cohort (HR 1.06, 95% CI 0.99-1.13). Two negative-control analyses indicated a positive association with ADHD despite the lack of a reasonable biological mechanism, which suggested that the observed association between prenatal antibiotic dispensation and risk of ADHD was likely due to confounding.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In our study, prenatal antibiotic exposure was not associated with increased risk of ADHD in children. Although the risk was higher in the overall and matched cohorts, it was likely overestimated because of unmeasured confounding. Future studies are warranted to examine other factors affecting microbiota composition in association with risk of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'INTERPRETATION'})]"35027444,Subcortical volumetric alterations as potential predictors of methylphenidate treatment response in youth with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,[],"['Ji-Sahn Kim', 'Kyung Hwa Lee', 'Chan-Sop Hwang', 'Jae-Won Kim']","[StringElement('Patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) show structural alterations in the subcortical and dopaminergic regions of the brain. Methylphenidate is a first-line treatment for ADHD, and it is known to affect the subcortical and dopaminergic systems. The degree of pretreatment structural alterations in patients with ADHD may be an important factor in predicting methylphenidate treatment outcomes. The present study examined whether pretreatment volumetric alterations in the subcortical and dopaminergic regions predicted treatment response in youth with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('This study included 67 youth with ADHD and 25 healthy controls. Youth with ADHD received 8 weeks of methylphenidate treatment. They completed baseline (pretreatment) <i>T</i> <sub>1</sub>-weighted structural MRI scans and underwent clinical assessments before and after methylphenidate treatment. The healthy controls also completed baseline structural MRI scans. We assessed volumetric alterations using relative volumes (volume of each region of interest/intracranial volume).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Among 67 youth with ADHD, 44 were treatment responders and 23 were nonresponders based on post-treatment scores on the Clinical Global Impression Scale-Improvement. Nonresponders had larger volumes in the bilateral amygdala and right thalamus than responders. Nonresponders also had larger volumes in amygdalar subregions (i.e., the bilateral lateral nucleus and right basal nucleus) and hippocampal subregions (i.e., the right hippocampal head and right molecular layer) relative to responders.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We did not collect post-treatment structural <i>T</i> <sub>1</sub>-weighted images, so volumetric changes related to methylphenidate treatment in youth with ADHD were undetermined.', attributes={'Label': 'LIMITATIONS'}), StringElement('These findings suggest that pretreatment volumetric alterations in subcortical regions may serve as biomarkers for predicting methylphenidate treatment response in youth with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34985833,Early-Life Injuries and the Development of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,[],"['Theresa Wimberley', 'Isabell Brikell', 'Emil M Pedersen', 'Esben Agerbo', 'Bjarni J Vilhjálmsson', 'Clara Albiñana', 'Florian Privé', 'Anita Thapar', 'Kate Langley', 'Lucy Riglin', 'Marianne Simonsen', 'Helena S Nielsen', 'Anders D Børglum', 'Merete Nordentoft', 'Preben B Mortensen', 'Søren Dalsgaard']","['<b><i>Objective:</i></b> To estimate phenotypic and familial association between early-life injuries and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and the genetic contribution to the association using polygenic risk score for ADHD (PRS-ADHD) and genetic correlation analyses.', '<b><i>Methods:</i></b> Children born in Denmark between 1995-2010 (n\u2009=\u2009786,543) were followed from age 5 years until a median age of 14 years (interquartile range: 10-18 years). Using <i>ICD-10</i> diagnoses, we estimated hazard ratios (HRs) and absolute risks of ADHD by number of hospital/emergency ward-treated injuries by age 5. In a subset of ADHD cases and controls born 1995 to 2005 who had genetic data available (n\u2009=\u200916,580), we estimated incidence rate ratios (IRRs) for the association between PRS-ADHD and number of injuries before age 5 and the genetic correlation between ADHD and any injury before age 5.', '<b><i>Results:</i></b> Injuries were associated with ADHD (HR\u2009=\u20091.61; 95% CI, 1.55-1.66) in males (HR\u2009=\u20091.59; 1.53-1.65) and females (HR\u2009=\u20091.65; 1.54-1.77), with a dose-response relationship with number of injuries. The absolute ADHD risk by age 15 was 8.4% (3+ injuries) vs 3.1% (no injuries). ADHD was also associated with injuries in relatives, with a stronger association in first- than second-degree relatives. PRS-ADHD was marginally associated with the number of injuries in the general population (IRR\u2009=\u20091.06; 1.00-1.14), with a genetic correlation of 0.53 (0.21-0.85).', '<b><i>Conclusions:</i></b> Early-life injuries in individuals and their relatives were associated with a diagnosis of ADHD. However, even in children with the most injuries, more than 90% were not diagnosed with ADHD by age 15. Despite a low positive predictive value and that the impact of unmeasured factors such as parental behavior remains unclear, results indicate that the association is partly explained by genetics, suggesting that early-life injuries may represent or herald early behavioral manifestations of ADHD.']"33302225,Evaluation of psychiatric comorbidity in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder with epilepsy: A case-control study.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Children', 'Comorbid', 'Epilepsy']","['Gellan K Ahmed', 'Alaa M Darwish', 'Hossam Khalifa', 'Mohamed A Khashbah']","[StringElement('Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a developmental disorder caused by structural and functional brain abnormalities as well as genetic and environmental factors. ADHD symptoms are commonly observed in individuals with epilepsy. A few studies have reported a pattern of behavioral problems in children with combined epilepsy and ADHD. We aimed to evaluate comorbid behavioral problems and mental health concerns among children with epilepsy with ADHD and without ADHD including autism spectrum disorder, anxiety, depression, somatic problems, oppositional defiant disorder, and conduct disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""A total of 100 children aged between 6 and 11 years were recruited and categorized into 1 of 5 groups (20 child/group): (1) epilepsy, (2) epilepsy with ADHD, (3) ADHD with electroencephalogram (EEG) changes, (4) ADHD without EEG changes, and (5) healthy control. The scales used in our study included the Childhood Autism Spectrum Test (CAST) to screen autism spectrum conditions and related social and communication conditions, Conners' Parent Rating Scale (CPRS) to assess ADHD and other comorbid behavioral and social-emotional difficulties, and Children Behavior Checklist (CBCL) to evaluate behavior problems."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The CAST scale score showed no significant difference among the studied groups. Regarding the Conners-3 scale, the combined type of ADHD was predominant in the ADHD with EEG changes group and the ADHD with epilepsy group, while hyperactive ADHD was predominant in the ADHD without EEG changes group. The ADHD with EEG changes group and the ADHD with epilepsy group had equally high clinical rating scores for CBCL in internalizing and externalizing problems. There was a significant difference in the profile of all Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) scales of CBCL among the studied groups.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This is the first study to use EEG in patients with ADHD in comparison with epilepsy. ADHD with epilepsy is closely related to ADHD with EEG changes regarding psychiatric comorbidity in terms of anxiety, depression, somatic problems, oppositional defiance problems, and conduct problems.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35682233,Structural Equation Modeling (SEM): Gaming Disorder Leading Untreated Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder to Disruptive Mood Dysregulation.,"['ADHD', 'DMDD', 'IGD', 'SEM', 'mediator']","['Ruu-Fen Tzang', 'Chuan-Hsin Chang', 'Yue-Cune Chang']","[""(1) Background: Internet gaming disorder (IGD) in youths likely leads to disruptive mood dysregulation, especially among those with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Whether IGD mediates the pathways leading ADHD to disruptive emotional dysfunction remains unclear. This study aims to elucidate the direct or indirect influence of IGD on ADHD; (2) Method: The Swanson, Nolan, and Pelham Version IV questionnaire was used to evaluate symptoms of ADHD and oppositional defiant disorder, and the Chen gaming disorder scale was used to measure IGD. A psychiatrist diagnosed ADHD, IGD, and disruptive mood dysregulation disorder (DMDD)-like symptoms. Structural equation modeling was applied to evaluate the role of IGD in mediating ADHD progression to disruptive mood dysregulation; (3) Results: Among a total of 102 ADHD youths, 53 (52%) of them with IGD were significantly more likely to have poor interpersonal relationships (<i>p</i> &lt; 0.01) and DMDD-like symptoms (<i>p</i> &lt; 0.01) than ADHD youths without IGD. IGD played a mediating role in increasing the risk of disruptive mood dysregulation in ADHD youths; (4) Conclusions: The findings suggest that IGD mediates ADHD's progression to disruptive mood dysregulation. Intensive biopsychosocial interventions are warranted for ADHD youths with IGD. More children and adolescents became mood-dysregulated after excessive gaming during the COVID-19 pandemic; this study's results suggest that child mental health experts develop earlier detection and prevention strategies for children and adolescents hidden behind internet addiction.""]"33028106,The Association Between Parkinson's Disease and Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['6-hydroxydopamine', 'Longitudinal Health Insurance Database 2000', 'Parkinson’s disease', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder']","['Hueng-Chuen Fan', 'Yu-Kang Chang', 'Jeng-Dau Tsai', 'Kuo-Liang Chiang', 'Jui-Hu Shih', 'Kuan-Yi Yeh', 'Kuo-Hsing Ma', 'I-Hsun Li']","[""While Parkinson's disease (PD) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are two distinct conditions, it has been hypothesized that they share several overlapping anatomical and neurochemical changes. In order to investigate that hypothesis, this study used claims data from Taiwan's Longitudinal Health Insurance Database 2000 to provide the significant nationwide population-based evidence of an increased risk of PD among ADHD patients, and the connection between the two conditions was not the result of other comorbidities. Moreover, this study showed that the patients with PD were 2.8 times more likely to have a prior ADHD diagnosis compared with those without a prior history of ADHD. Furthermore, an animal model of ADHD was generated by neonatally injecting rats with 6-hydroxydopamine (6-OHDA). These rats were subjected to behavior tests and the 99mTc-TRODAT-1 brain imaging at the juvenile stage. Compared to control group rats, the 6-OHDA rats showed a significantly reduced specific uptake ratio in the striatum, indicating an underlying PD-linked pathology in the brains of these ADHD phenotype-expressing rats. Overall, these results support that ADHD shares a number of anatomical and neurochemical changes with PD. As such, improved knowledge of the neurochemical mechanisms underlying ADHD could result in improved treatments for various debilitating neurological disorders, including PD.""]"29458702,The Association Between Insomnia and Sleep Duration in Adults With Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: Results From a General Population Study.,"['ADHD', 'adults', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'general population survey', 'insomnia', 'sleep duration']","['Dora Wynchank', 'Margreet Ten Have', 'Denise Bijlenga', 'Brenda W Penninx', 'Aartjan T Beekman', 'Femke Lamers', 'Ron de Graaf', 'J J Sandra Kooij']","[StringElement('Insomnia and short or long sleep duration are important comorbid conditions in adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but reports of the association vary. In a general population study, we evaluated the relationship between ADHD symptom severity, insomnia symptoms, and sleep duration in adults.', attributes={'Label': 'STUDY OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('Data were from the third wave of the Netherlands Mental Health Survey and Incidence Study-2 (NEMESIS-2; n = 4,618). ADHD symptom severity and symptom dimensions (hyperactivity and inattention) were assessed using the Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale screener. Self-reported insomnia symptoms (Insomnia Rating Scale; IRS) were defined as clinically relevant if IRS ≥ 9. Self-reported short sleep duration was defined as ≤ 6 hours, and long sleep duration as ≥ 10 hours.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Within the group with clinically relevant ADHD symptoms, 43% reported significant insomnia symptoms (odds ratio [OR] = 2.66, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.74-4.07); 41% short sleep duration (relative risk ratio [RRR] = 1.94, 95% CI 1.31-2.85) and 6% long sleep (RRR = 5.87, 95% CI 1.97-17.45). Increased inattention symptoms were associated with IRS ≥ 9, short and long sleep duration in fully adjusted models (OR = 1.10, 95% CI 1.06-1.14; RRR = 1.06, 95% CI 1.02-1.09; RRR = 1.16, 95% CI 1.05-1.28, respectively). Increased hyperactivity symptoms were associated with IRS ≥ 9 (OR = 1.17, 95% CI 1.11-1.23) and short sleep duration (RRR = 1.12, 95% CI 1.05-1.19).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Both clinically significant ADHD symptoms and inattention and hyperactivity symptom dimensions were consistently associated with insomnia symptoms and altered sleep duration. These associations confirm that sleep disturbances should be assessed and given appropriate clinical attention in adults with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35649168,"Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder, Autism Spectrum Disorder, and Other Neurodevelopmental Outcomes Associated With Antipsychotic Drug Exposure During Pregnancy.",[],['Chittaranjan Andrade'],"['Between 0.3%-4.6% of women use antipsychotic (AP) drugs during pregnancy. Two large, retrospective, population-based cohort studies, conducted in Nordic countries and in the US, examined the risk of neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) following gestational exposure to APs. The Nordic study found that, in unadjusted analyses, exposure to APs during pregnancy was associated with increased risk of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in offspring; that the risk all but disappeared after adjusting for covariates; and that the risk appeared to be related to maternal major mental illness rather than to gestational exposure to APs. The US study also found that, in unadjusted analyses, gestational exposure to APs was associated with an increased risk of almost all of the study-specified NDDs in offspring; however, after adjusting for covariates, the risks were no longer meaningfully increased and, importantly, were no longer statistically significant for ADHD and ASD. Thus, these 2 studies suggest that gestational exposure to APs is a marker of NDD risk in offspring rather than a potential cause. Whereas a small but significantly increased risk was identified for aripiprazole in the US study, the signal was inconsistent across analyses, and confounding due to maternal mental illness was not ruled out. Previous studies have suggested that the use of APs during pregnancy is not associated with an increased risk of major congenital malformations and other adverse gestational outcomes. Considering the potential harm and suffering associated with major mental illness and the very low risks associated with AP use during pregnancy, initiation or continuation of APs appears to carry a favorable risk-benefit ratio in pregnant women who need these drugs; however, decision-making should be shared between patients, their caregivers, and the treating team.']"31301758,Associations Between Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Various Eating Disorders: A Swedish Nationwide Population Study Using Multiple Genetically Informative Approaches.,"['ADHD', 'Anorexia nervosa', 'Bulimia nervosa', 'Eating disorders', 'Genetic epidemiology', 'Polygenic risk score']","['Shuyang Yao', 'Ralf Kuja-Halkola', 'Joanna Martin', 'Yi Lu', 'Paul Lichtenstein', 'Claes Norring', 'Andreas Birgegård', 'Zeynep Yilmaz', 'Christopher Hübel', 'Hunna Watson', 'Jessica Baker', 'Catarina Almqvist', 'Laura M Thornton', 'Patrik K Magnusson', 'Cynthia M Bulik', 'Henrik Larsson']","[StringElement('Although attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and eating disorders (EDs) frequently co-occur, little is known about the shared etiology. In this study, we comprehensively investigated the genetic association between ADHD and various EDs, including anorexia nervosa (AN) and other EDs such as bulimia nervosa.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We applied different genetically informative designs to register-based information of a Swedish nationwide population (N\xa0= 3,550,118). We first examined the familial coaggregation of clinically diagnosed ADHD and EDs across multiple types of relatives. We then applied quantitative genetic modeling in full-sisters and maternal half-sisters to estimate the genetic correlations between ADHD and EDs. We further tested the associations between ADHD polygenic risk scores and ED symptoms, and between AN polygenic risk scores and ADHD symptoms, in a genotyped population-based sample (N\xa0= 13,472).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Increased risk of all types of EDs was found in individuals with ADHD (any ED: odds ratio [OR]\xa0= 3.97, 95% confidence interval [CI]\xa0= 3.81, 4.14; AN: OR\xa0= 2.68, 95% CI\xa0= 2.15, 2.86; other EDs: OR\xa0= 4.66, 95% CI\xa0= 4.47, 4.87; bulimia nervosa: OR\xa0= 5.01, 95% CI\xa0= 4.63, 5.41) and their relatives compared with individuals without ADHD and their relatives. The magnitude of the associations decreased as the degree of relatedness decreased, suggesting shared familial liability between ADHD and EDs. Quantitative genetic models revealed stronger genetic correlation of ADHD with other EDs (.37, 95% CI\xa0= .31, .42) than with AN (.14, 95% CI\xa0= .05, .22). ADHD polygenic risk scores correlated positively with ED symptom measures overall and with the subscales Drive for Thinness and Body Dissatisfaction despite small effect sizes.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We observed stronger genetic association with ADHD for non-AN EDs than for AN, highlighting specific genetic correlation beyond a general genetic factor across psychiatric disorders.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29958238,The effect of methylphenidate treatment on psychopathic behavior of patients having attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder with and without oppositional defiant disorder.,[],"['Pavel Golubchik', 'Tomer Levy', 'Abraham Weizman']","[""To evaluate the effect of 3 months of methylphenidate (MPH) treatment on psychopathic behavior in children having attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) with and without comorbid oppositional defiant disorder (ODD). Twenty-seven children with Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, fifth ed., ADHD (13 female/14 male; aged 13.3±2.2 years old) were compared to an age/sex matched ADHD/ODD group (N=27, eight female/19 male; aged 11.8±1.9 years). The attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder rating scale (ADHD-RS) and the California Child Q-Set (CCQ) were used in both groups before MPH treatment (0.8-1.2\u2009mg/kg/day) and 3 months thereafter. Significant reduction in the ADHD-RS scores was detected following MPH treatment in both the ADHD/ODD group and in the ADHD group (P<0.0011 and P=0.0012, respectively). Reduction in the CCQ scores was obtained in the ADHD/ODD group (P=0.0001) but not in in the ADHD group (P=0.18). A correlation was found between the reductions in the ADHD-RS and CCQ scores following MPH treatment in the ADHD/ODD group (Spearman's r=0.43, P=0.024). MPH treatment in children with ADHD/ODD was associated with reduction in psychopathic scores, and the reduction correlated with a corresponding improvement in their ADHD severity.""]"26509435,Vitamin D Status at Birth and Future Risk of Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).,[],"['Peik Gustafsson', 'Lars Rylander', 'Christian H Lindh', 'Bo A G Jönsson', 'Amanda Ode', 'Per Olofsson', 'Sten A Ivarsson', 'Anna Rignell-Hydbom', 'Nils Haglund', 'Karin Källén']","[StringElement('To investigate whether children with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder have lower levels of Vitamin D3 at birth than matched controls.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Umbilical cord blood samples collected at birth from 202 children later diagnosed with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder were analysed for vitamin D content and compared with 202 matched controls. 25-OH vitamin D3 was analysed by liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry.', attributes={'Label': 'MATERIAL', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('No differences in cord blood vitamin D concentration were found between children with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (median 13.0 ng/ml) and controls (median 13.5 ng/ml) (p = 0.43). In a logistic regression analysis, Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder showed a significant association with maternal age (odds ratio: 0.96, 95% confidence interval: 0.92-0.99) but not with vitamin D levels (odds ratio: 0.99, 95% confidence interval: 0.97-1.02).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We found no difference in intrauterine vitamin D levels between children later developing Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and matched control children. However, the statistical power of the study was too weak to detect an eventual small to medium size association between vitamin D levels and Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"36054858,[Therapeutic approach to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder].,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'executive functions', 'neuropsychological therapies', 'pharmacological therapies']","['Mildred T Rojas', 'Fernando Mulas', 'Rubén Gandía', 'Pedro Ortiz']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is the most prevalent and frequent neurodevelopmental disorder in neuropediatrics, child psychiatry and child psychology consultations. The greater awareness of this condition, the information and, above all, the socio-cultural acceptance, has led to an earlier diagnosis, leading to more timely and effective treatment. Individualizing each case through systematic tools such as neuropsychological studies and their neuroanatomical and neurobiochemical correlation, related to ADHD, together with algorithms that analyze executive functions, is essential to indicate the optimal pharmacological treatment, together with the application of appropriate non-pharmacological therapies. Multimodal treatment, with cognitive behavioral intervention and pharmacological treatment, is the most effective therapeutic approach.']"30982198,Clinical diagnosis of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in survivors of pediatric brain tumors.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Brain tumor', 'Cancer survivorship', 'Inattention', 'Secondary ADHD']","['Emily K Shabason', 'Cole Brodsky', 'Julie Baran', 'Lee Isaac', 'Jane E Minturn', 'Jill P Ginsberg', 'Wendy Hobbie', 'Michael Fisher', 'Nathan Blum', 'Matthew C Hocking']","[StringElement('Survivors of pediatric brain tumors often have neurodevelopmental late effects, such as inattention. Symptoms may mirror those of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), which affects ~\u20095-8% of the general population. This retrospective study of survivors followed at a large tertiary care center examined the prevalence of a clinical diagnosis of ADHD, and risk factors associated with ADHD diagnosis and ADHD-related medication use.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A retrospective chart review of brain tumor survivors (n\u2009=\u2009528), diagnosed between 2000 and 2015, who were at least 6\xa0years old and 2\xa0years from the end of tumor-directed therapy or from diagnosis, if no interventions were received. Clinical and demographic data were extracted from the medical record.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Survivors were 55.7% male with mean age 8.15\u2009±\u20094.4 (0.0-16.0) years at brain tumor diagnosis. The most common diagnoses were low-grade glioma, medulloblastoma, and craniopharyngioma, with 52.5% of tumors supratentorial. Of the survivors, 81.3% received surgery, 40.0% radiation therapy, and 36.6% chemotherapy. Sixty-nine survivors (13.1%) had ADHD diagnoses, 105 (19.9%) had symptoms of ADHD without diagnoses, and 64 (12.1%) had ADHD medication use. ADHD diagnosis was associated with younger age at tumor diagnosis (p\u2009=\u20090.05) and supratentorial tumor location (p\u2009=\u20090.001). ADHD diagnosis was not associated with gender, tumor type, or treatment type.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Survivors of brain tumors are at increased risk of ADHD and related symptoms. The greatest increase in risk occurs for survivors with diagnoses at younger ages and supratentorial tumors. Additional research is warranted, as select survivors may benefit from behavioral or pharmacologic ADHD treatments to optimize functioning.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31216319,Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and future alcohol outcomes: Examining the roles of coping and enhancement drinking motives among young men.,[],"['Véronique S Grazioli', 'Gerhard Gmel', 'Ansgar Rougemont-Bücking', 'Stéphanie Baggio', 'Jean-Bernard Daeppen', 'Joseph Studer']","[StringElement('Although there is evidence that Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) symptoms are positively related to alcohol use and related problems among young adults, little research has examined the mechanisms that might explain this association. In response, this study examined the mediating effects of coping and enhancement drinking motives on the prospective associations between ADHD symptoms and alcohol outcomes.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Participants (N = 4,536) were young men from the Cohort Study on Substance Use Risk Factors. Measures of ADHD symptoms and those of drinking motives, heavy episodic drinking (HED) and alcohol use disorder symptoms were used from the baseline and 15-month follow-up assessments.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Findings indicated that the associations of ADHD-inattention symptoms with alcohol use disorder (AUD) symptoms and with HED were partially and completely mediated through drinking motives, respectively, whereas drinking motives did not mediate the ADHD-hyperactivity/impulsivity-symptoms-alcohol outcomes associations.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Results indicated that coping and enhancement motives partially explained the ADHD-inattention symptoms-subsequent alcohol outcomes association. These findings suggest that interventions targeting enhancement and coping motives may help prevent problematic drinking among young men with elevated ADHD-inattention symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34490610,Maternal polycystic ovary syndrome and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in offspring at 3 years of age: Odense Child Cohort.,"['Odense Child Cohort', 'anogenital distance', 'attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'polycystic ovary syndrome', 'testosterone']","['Cilia M Dalgaard', 'Marianne S Andersen', 'Richard C Jensen', 'Pia V Larsen', 'Laura G Find', 'Henriette Boye', 'Tina K Jensen', 'Niels Bilenberg', 'Dorte Glintborg']","[StringElement('Previous data suggested a link between maternal polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and offspring attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), which could be mediated by higher prenatal androgen exposure.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('The study was part of the prospective Odense Child Cohort and included 1776 pregnant women, 165 (9%) with PCOS and 1607 (91%) controls. ADHD symptoms at 3\xa0years of age were defined using the parent-reported questionnaire Child Behavior Checklist/1.5-5 (scores >90th centile of Danish national standard). Maternal blood samples were collected in the third trimester measuring total testosterone by mass spectrometry, sex hormone-binding globulin, and calculated free testosterone. Offspring anogenital distance was measured at 3\xa0months of age. Regression models were performed with presence of ADHD symptoms as the dependent variable and adjusted for maternal age, body mass index, parity, smoking status, educational level, and parental psychiatric diagnoses.', attributes={'Label': 'MATERIAL AND METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD symptoms were present in 105/937 (11%) boys and 72/839 (9%) girls. In boys, maternal PCOS was positively associated with ADHD symptoms (unadjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.91, 95% CI 1.07-3.43, p\xa0=\xa00.03, adjusted OR 2.20, 95% CI 1.20-4.02, p\xa0=\xa00.01), whereas maternal PCOS was not associated with ADHD symptoms in girls. Maternal total testosterone, free testosterone, and offspring anogenital distance were not associated with higher risk of ADHD symptoms in the offspring.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Higher risk of ADHD in boys born of mothers with PCOS were not associated with maternal third-trimester testosterone levels or offspring anogenital distance.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34186179,Association between perinatal depression and risk of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder among children: a retrospective cohort study.,"['Antenatal depression', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Postpartum depression']","['Nichole L Nidey', 'Allison M Momany', 'Lane Strathearn', 'Knute D Carter', 'George L Wehby', 'Wei Bao', 'Guifeng Xu', 'Francesca A Scheiber', 'Karen Tabb', 'Tanya E Froehlich', 'Kelli Ryckman']","[StringElement('Perinatal depression has previously been identified as a risk factor for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in the offspring. Population-based studies utilizing diagnosis data are needed to better understand the relationship between these two variables. The objective of this study was to examine the association between perinatal depression and the risk of ADHD among children born during a 5 or-more-year follow-up period.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE'}), StringElement('The sample was drawn from a population-based cohort of privately insured mother-child pairs within the state of Iowa. Hazard ratios for risk of ADHD by exposure to perinatal depression were estimated using adjusted Cox proportional-hazard models.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Among the 5,635 mother-child pairs, 484 mothers were diagnosed with depression during the perinatal period, and 269 children were diagnosed with ADHD. After adjustment for confounders, children born to mothers with perinatal depression were over three times more likely to be diagnosed with ADHD (HR 3.16 (95% CI 2.35, 4.23)).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Children born to mothers with perinatal depression were found to be at increased risk of ADHD. This finding suggests that ADHD and its adverse sequelae could be mitigated by increasing maternal depression intervention efforts as well as ADHD screening and treatment efforts targeted to this vulnerable population.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31514201,The effect of methylphenidate on social cognition and oxytocin in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,[],"['Orit Levi-Shachar', 'Hila Z Gvirts', 'Yiftach Goldwin', 'Yuval Bloch', 'Simone Shamay-Tsoory', 'Orna Zagoory-Sharon', 'Ruth Feldman', 'Hagai Maoz']","['The current study aimed to explore the possible effect of stimulants on oxytocin (OT), a neuropeptide which regulates social behavior, as a mediator of the pro-social effect of methylphenidate (MPH) in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) compared to healthy controls (HCs). Utilizing a double-blind placebo-controlled design, we compared the performance of 50 children with ADHD and 40 HCs in ""theory of mind"" (ToM) tasks and examined the effect of a single dose of MPH/placebo on ToM and salivary OT levels in children with ADHD at baseline and following an interpersonal interaction. Children with ADHD displayed significantly poorer ToM performance; however, following MPH administration, their performance normalized and differences between children with ADHD and HC were no longer found. Salivary OT levels at baseline did not differ between children with ADHD and HCs. However, after a parent-child interaction, OT levels were significantly higher in the HC group compared to children with ADHD. Administration of MPH attenuated this difference such that after parent-child interaction differences in OT levels between children with ADHD and HC were no longer found. In the ADHD group, OT levels decreased from administration of placebo to the parent-child interaction. However, the administration of MPH to children with ADHD was associated with an increase in OT levels after the parent-child interaction. We conclude that OT might play a role as a mediator of social deficits in children with ADHD and that the reactivity of the OT system to social interaction in children with ADHD might be impaired. Stimulants may improve ToM and social functions in children with ADHD via its impact on the OT system. PRS: OT and Social Cognition in Children with ADHD: Impact of MPH.']"27033881,The Norwegian Translation of the Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Quality of Life Scale: Validation and Assessment of QoL in 313 Adults With ADHD.,"['AAQoL', 'ADHD', 'ADHD-associated problems', 'adult ADHD', 'health-related quality of life']","['Bjørn Gjervan', 'Terje Torgersen', 'Odin Hjemdal']","[StringElement('The aim of the study was to validate the Norwegian version of the Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Quality of Life (AAQoL) scale and to explore Quality of Life (QoL) and functional outcomes in adults with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A total of 313 adults with ADHD participated in the study. Data were collected from medical records and self-report questionnaires. Confirmatory factor analysis was performed to assess the model fit of the translated AAQoL. Chi-square statistics and t tests were used to investigate sample characteristics.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""The analyses showed acceptable model fit between data and the model. Chi square = 863.179 (371 df, p < .0000), root mean square error of approximation (RMSEA) = 0.069 (90% confidence interval [CI]), comparative fit index (CFI) = 0.873, and Tucker-Lewis index (TLI) = 0.821. Cronbach's alpha range for the scales was .761 to .869. The sample was characterized by poor QoL and impairment."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The translated AAQoL is showing good initial indications of validity with acceptable psychometric properties in the sample. ADHD was associated with impairments in QoL, symptoms, and functional outcomes.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34233526,Deep learning prediction of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in African Americans by copy number variation.,"['African Americans', 'Deep learning', 'attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'copy number variations', 'whole genome sequencing']","['Yichuan Liu', 'Hui-Qi Qu', 'Xiao Chang', 'Kenny Nguyen', 'Jingchun Qu', 'Lifeng Tian', 'Joseph Glessner', 'Patrick Ma Sleiman', 'Hakon Hakonarson']","['Current understanding of the underlying molecular network and mechanism for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is lacking and incomplete. Previous studies suggest that genomic structural variations play an important role in the pathogenesis of ADHD. For effective modeling, deep learning approaches have become a method of choice, with ability to predict the impact of genetic variations involving complicated mechanisms. In this study, we examined copy number variation in whole genome sequencing from 116 African Americans ADHD children and 408 African American controls. We divided the human genome into 150 regions, and the variation intensity in each region was applied as feature vectors for deep learning modeling to classify ADHD patients. The accuracy of deep learning for predicting ADHD diagnosis is consistently around 78% in a two-fold shuffle test, compared with ∼50% by traditional k-mean clustering methods. Additional whole genome sequencing data from 351 European Americans children, including 89 ADHD cases and 262 controls, were applied as independent validation using feature vectors obtained from the African American ethnicity analysis. The accuracy of ADHD labeling was lower in this setting (∼70-75%) but still above the results from traditional methods. The regions with highest weight overlapped with the previously reported ADHD-associated copy number variation regions, including genes such as <i>GRM1</i> and <i>GRM8</i>, key drivers of metabotropic glutamate receptor signaling. A notable discovery is that structural variations in non-coding genomic (intronic/intergenic) regions show prediction weights that can be as high as prediction weight from variations in coding regions, results that were unexpected.']"29972622,Implicit sequence learning in young people with Tourette syndrome with and without co-occurring attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Tourette syndrome', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'comorbidity', 'habit-learning', 'sequence learning', 'tics']","['Elizabeth Shephard', 'Madeleine J Groom', 'Georgina M Jackson']","[""Impaired habit-learning has been proposed to underlie the tic symptoms of Tourette syndrome (TS). However, accounts differ in terms of how habit-learning is altered in TS, with some authors proposing habit formation is impaired due to a deficient 'chunking' mechanism, and others proposing habit-learning is overactive and tics reflect hyperlearned behaviours. Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) frequently co-occurs with TS and is known to affect cognitive function in young people with co-occurring TS and ADHD (TS\xa0+\xa0ADHD). It is unclear, however, how co-occurring ADHD symptoms affect habit-learning in TS. In this study, we investigated whether young people with TS would show deficient or hyperactive habit-learning, and assessed the effects of co-occurring ADHD symptoms on habit-learning in TS. Participants aged 9-17\xa0years with TS (n\xa0=\xa018), TS\xa0+\xa0ADHD (n\xa0=\xa017), ADHD (n\xa0=\xa013), and typical development (n\xa0=\xa020) completed a motor sequence learning task to assess habit-learning. We used a 2 (TS-yes, TS-no)\xa0×\xa02 (ADHD-yes, ADHD-no) factorial analysis to test the effects of TS, ADHD, and their interaction on accuracy and reaction time indices of sequence learning. TS was associated with intact sequence learning, but a tendency for difficulty transitioning from sequenced to non-sequenced performance was suggestive of hyper-learning. ADHD was associated with significantly poorer accuracy during acquisition of the sequence, indicative of impaired habit-learning. There were no interactions between the TS and ADHD factors, indicating young people with TS\xa0+\xa0ADHD showed both TS- and ADHD-related atypicalities in habit-learning.""]"32156255,Individualizing the dosage of Methylphenidate in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Longitudinal data', 'Methylphenidate', 'Mixed-effect models', 'Precision medicine', 'Tailor medicine']","['Hoda Shirafkan', 'Javad Mahmoudi-Gharaei', 'Akbar Fotouhi', 'Seyyed Ali Mozaffarpur', 'Mehdi Yaseri', 'Mostafa Hoseini']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common childhood mental health disorders. Stimulant drugs as the most commonly used treatment and first-line therapy for ADHD have side effects. One of the newest approaches to select the best choices and optimize dosages of medications is personalized medicine.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""This historical cohort study was carried out on the data taken from the period of 2008 to 2015. Eligible subjects were included in the study randomly. We used mixed-effects logistic regression models to personalize the dosage of Methylphenidate (MPH) in ADHD. The patients' heterogeneity was considered using subject-specific random effects, which are treated as the realizations of a stochastic process. To recommend a personalized dosage for a new patient, a two-step procedure was proposed. In the first step, we obtained estimates for population parameters. In the second step, the dosage of the drug for a new patient was updated at each follow-up."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Of the 221 children enrolled in the study, 169 (76.5%) were male and 52 (23.5%) were females. The overall mean age at the beginning of the study is 82.5 (± 26.5) months. In multivariable mixed logit model, three variables (severity of ADHD, time duration receiving MPH, and dosage of MPH) had a significant relationship with improvement. Based on this model the personalized dosage of MPH was obtained.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('To determine the dosage of MPH for a new patient, the more the severity of baseline is, the more of an initial dose is required. To recommend the dose in the next times, first, the estimation of random coefficient should be updated. The optimum dose increased when the severity of ADHD increased. Also, the results show that the optimum dose of MPH as one proceeds through the period of treatment will decreased.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32405799,Translation of the Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Self-Report Scale into an African Language: An Exploratory Study.,"['Adult ADHD self-report scale (ASRS)', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Translation', 'Xhosa']","['Judith Regnart', 'Ilse Truter', 'Anneke Meyer']","[StringElement('Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is commonly perceived as a cultural construct due to its disproportionate global representation, however limited data is available from Africa. Standardisation of screening tools in epidemiological studies is essential for global prevalence comparison, but tools such as the Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS) have not been translated into African languages.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To assess the translation process followed in attempting to adapt the ASRS into an indigenous African language widely spoken within South Africa for cross-cultural research.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Xhosa was selected as an appropriate target language for translation. An exploratory approach was used to assess linguistic considerations for adaptation of the ASRS. Blind translation was applied by two independent bilingual translators. A translational studies expert translated the ASRS into Xhosa. The translated document was back-translated into English by a bilingual pharmacist.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Side-by-side comparison of the original and back-translated English versions revealed 13 content queries. Each query was discussed with the back translator, revealing common themes which complicated the effective Xhosa ASRS translation. Appropriate contextualisation of questions and removal or explanation of idiomatic terms were identified as key requirements to improve properties for Xhosa translation.', attributes={'Label': 'KEY FINDINGS'}), StringElement('Suitability of the original instrument for Xhosa translation was problematic and further investigation into appropriate cross-cultural translation techniques is needed to improve ASRS translation properties and assess its Xhosa translation. Development of a suitable Xhosa version of the ASRS is considered to be an important step towards broadening the scope of ADHD research in South Africa.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"31761311,Atypical gamma functional connectivity pattern during light sleep in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Coherence', 'Gamma frequency band', 'Light sleep', 'Phase lag index (PLI)']","['Riyo Ueda', 'Hiroshige Takeichi', 'Yoshimi Kaga', 'Masayoshi Oguri', 'Yoshihiko Saito', 'Eiji Nakagawa', 'Yoshihiro Maegaki', 'Masumi Inagaki']","[StringElement('We examined functional connectivity analyses in electroencephalograms (EEGs) of patients with attention deficit hyperactivitydisorder (ADHD) and in those of typically developing children (TDC) to uncover neurobiological abnormalities.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We enrolled 31 children with ADHD (mean age 11.1\xa0years; 23 boys) and 17 sex-, age-, and intelligence-matched TDC to undergo 19-channel EEGs during light sleep. We estimated functional connectivity using the phase lag index (PLI) and coherence measurements that capture the synchronization of EEG signals and graphed metrics with GRETNA. We also performed continuous performance tests (CPTs) on the children and obtained answered questionnaires on ADHD and autism spectrum disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODOLOGY', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The central-to-posterior gamma PLI was lower in children with ADHD than that in TDC. The other PLI frequency bands and all coherence frequency bands were not statistically different between both groups. Individuals with high hyperactivity scores on questionnaires and low reaction times (SDs) on CPT had low motor and occipital pairs of gamma PLIs. Graph metrics showed no differences between the groups.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The difference in averaged gamma PLI (especially with motor and occipital pairs) between groups was more suitable for diagnosis than the averaged coherence. Lower averaged gamma PLIs reflected more severe ADHD symptoms. A prospective study with more controlled conditions is warranted to determine if gamma-band PLI can be used as an auxiliary tool for ADHD diagnosis.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32960988,Maternal and cord plasma branched-chain amino acids and child risk of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: a prospective birth cohort study.,"['Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder', 'branched-chain amino acids', 'cord blood', 'metabolome']","['Neha S Anand', 'Yuelong Ji', 'Guoying Wang', 'Xiumei Hong', 'Madeleine van der Rijn', 'Anne Riley', 'Colleen Pearson', 'Barry Zuckerman', 'Xiaobin Wang']","[StringElement('Branched-chain amino acids (BCAA: leucine, isoleucine, and valine) are essential amino acids involved in biological functions of brain development and recently linked with autism. However, their role in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is not well-studied. We investigated individual and combined relationships of maternal plasma and newborn cord plasma BCAAs with childhood development of ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We utilized the Boston Birth Cohort, a predominantly urban, low-income, US minority population. Child developmental outcomes were defined in three mutually exclusive groups - ADHD, neurotypical (NT), or other developmental disabilities based on physician diagnoses per ICD-9 or 10 in medical records. The final sample included 626 children (299 ADHD, 327 NT) excluding other developmental disabilities. BCAAs were measured by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. We used factor analysis to create composite scores of maternal and cord BCAA, which we divided into tertiles. Logistic regressions analyzed relationships between maternal or cord BCAA tertiles with child ADHD risk, controlling for maternal race, age, parity, smoking, education, low birth weight, preterm birth, and child sex. Additionally, we analyzed maternal and cord plasma BCAAs jointly on child ADHD risk.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Adjusted logistic regression found significantly increased odds of child ADHD diagnosis for the second (OR 1.63, 95% CI: 1.04, 2.54, p\xa0=\xa0.032) and third tertiles (OR 2.01, 95% CI: 1.28, 3.15, p\xa0=\xa0.002) of cord BCAA scores compared to the first tertile. This finding held for the third tertile when further adjusting for maternal BCAA score. There was no significant association between maternal BCAA score and child ADHD risk, nor a significant interaction between maternal and cord BCAA scores.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In this prospective US birth cohort, higher cord BCAA levels were associated with a greater risk of developing ADHD in childhood. These results have implications for further research into mechanisms of ADHD development and possible early life screening and interventions.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35754118,Early childhood allergy linked with development of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism spectrum disorder.,"['ADHD', 'ASD', 'gender', 'pediatric allergic disorders', 'risk factor']","['Shay Nemet', 'Ilan Asher', 'Israel Yoles', 'Tuvia Baevsky', 'Zev Sthoeger']","[StringElement('Previous studies reported controversial results regarding the association between allergic disorders and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)/autism spectrum disorder (ASD). The aim of this article was to investigate whether allergic disorders are associated with ADHD/ASD in a large cohort of pediatric patients.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('A retrospective study using the pediatric (0-18\u2009year) database (ICD-9-CM codes) of Clalit Health Services during the years (2000-2018). Diagnosis of all disorders was made by specialist physicians.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 117\u2009022 consecutive non-selective allergic children diagnosed with one or more allergic disorder (asthma, rhinitis, conjunctivitis, skin, food, or drug allergy) and 116\u2009968 non-allergic children were enrolled to our study. The mean follow-up period was 11\u2009±\u20096\u2009years. The presence of allergic disorders in early childhood (mean age of allergic diagnosis 4.5\u2009±\u20094.3\u2009years) in boys as well as in girls significantly increased the risk to develop ADHD (O.R 2.45, CI 2.39-2.51; p\u2009<\u2009.0001), ASD (O.R 1.17, CI 1.08-1.27; p\u2009<\u2009.0001), or both ADHD\u2009+\u2009ASD (O.R 1.5, CI 1.35-1.79; p\u2009<\u2009.0001). Children with more than one allergic comorbidity revealed a much higher risk. In a multivariable analysis (adjusted for age at study entry, number of yearly visits, and gender), the risk of allergic children to develop ADHD and ADHD\u2009+\u2009ASD, but not ASD alone, remained significantly higher.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Allergic disorder in early childhood significantly increased the risk to develop ADHD, and to a less extend ASD, in later life.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34034294,Adherence to Child Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Treatment Guidelines in Medical Homes-Results from a National Survey.,[],"['Rashed M AlRasheed', 'Susanne P Martin-Herz', 'David V Glidden', 'Megumi J Okumura']","[StringElement('Having primary care delivered through a medical home is believed to improve mental health care delivery to children. Children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are commonly treated in pediatric practices, yet little is known about ADHD treatment patterns in medical homes. Our objective was to assess for treatment variation depending on parent-perceived medical home (PPMH) status. We hypothesized that having a PPMH would be associated with receiving ADHD treatments recommended by clinical guidelines.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""We used the 2016 National Survey of Children's Health-a nationally representative cross-sectional survey of children in the United States. Analyses included an unweighted sample of 4,252, representing 5.4 million children aged 3 to 17 years with parent-reported ADHD. Child characteristics were analyzed using descriptive statistics. Associations between ADHD treatment types and PPMH status were assessed using a multinomial logistic regression, adjusting for child characteristics."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Having a PPMH was associated with increased prevalence odds of children's receipt of medications alone for ADHD (vs no treatment). The prevalence odds of receiving behavioral treatment alone (vs medications alone) for ADHD decreased by 43% when children had a PPMH (95% confidence interval, 0.38-0.85, p = 0.01). PPMH status was not associated with a statistically significant difference in prevalence odds of receiving combination treatment (vs medications alone) for pediatric ADHD."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement(""Having a PPMH was associated with children's receipt of ADHD medications alone, but not behavioral treatments. Our findings suggest that medical homes may need further improvement to ensure that children with ADHD receive treatments as recommended by clinical guidelines."", attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34171615,"Home participation, support and barriers among children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder before and during the COVID-19 pandemic.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Environment', 'Home', 'Participation']","['Ozgun Kaya Kara', 'Hasan Atacan Tonak', 'Koray Kara', 'Hazal Sonbahar Ulu', 'Barkin Kose', 'Sedef Sahin', 'Mahmut Zabit Kara']","[StringElement('Few studies have focused on the participation of children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in daily routine and leisure activities. This study aimed to compare the participation, support and barriers for children with ADHD at home pre-COVID-19 and during the COVID-19 outbreak.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('The study included 55 children with ADHD aged 6-11 years. Participation frequency, involvement, desire for change, supports and barriers at home were assessed using the Participation and Environment Measure for Children and Youth (PEM-CY).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('During the COVID-19 pandemic compared with the pre-COVID-19 period, the mean frequency of participation of children with ADHD in computer and video games (5.8% vs 5%, respectively), socialising with other people (7% vs 6.2%) and household chores (5.5% vs 4.6%) was shown to be significantly higher (p\xa0<\xa00.05). Mothers of children with ADHD reported higher levels of involvement during the COVID-19 pandemic compared with the pre-COVID-19 period across four areas of home participation, including computer and video games (4.1% vs 3.2%, respectively), arts, crafts, music and hobbies (3.7% vs 3%), household chores (3.6% vs 2.8%) and personal care management (4.2% vs 3.5%) p\xa0<\xa00.05). Mothers of children with ADHD reported that during the pandemic the following two features of the environment made participation easier than pre-COVID-19 (p\xa0<\xa00.05): cognitive demands (36.4% vs 60%, respectively) and social demands (5.5% vs 34.5%). More mothers reported that services (92.7%), supplies (87.3%) and information (85.5%) were available and/or adequate in the COVID-19 period than pre-COVID-19 (p\xa0<\xa00.05).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Mothers of children with ADHD reported that their children were participating more frequently in some of the home-related activities during the COVID-19 pandemic compared to pre-COVID-19. Reduced cognitive and social demands, and more readily available resources in the home environment during the COVID-19 period resulted in increased home participation compared to pre-COVID-19.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33429141,Proximity to traffic and exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in relation to Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and conduct disorder in U.S. children.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Conduct disorder', 'Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons', 'Traffic related air pollution']","['Stephani S Kim', 'Ann M Vuong', 'Kim N Dietrich', 'Aimin Chen']","[StringElement('Traffic related air pollution (TRAP) and its component polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) may be neurotoxic in children. There is limited research on postnatal exposure to TRAP and PAHs and child neurodevelopment.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We linked data from the U.S. NHANES 2001-2004 with the National Highway Planning Network 2005 to examine the proximity to major roads (highway or urban/rural principal arterials), urinary PAH metabolites, and diagnosis of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Conduct Disorder (CD) based on Diagnostic Interview Schedule for Children (C-DISC) in 1253 children aged 8-15 years. We calculated odds ratios (ORs) and 95% Confidence Intervals (CIs) for ADHD and CD by traffic proximity and PAH exposures using logistic regression adjusted for confounders.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Higher ADHD prevalence was observed among children living <500\xa0m (9.86%) compared to those ≥500\xa0m (3.84%) from a major road. Prevalence of children with CD was comparable (<500\xa0m: 2.51% and ≥500\xa0m: 2.43%). We found little difference in urinary PAH metabolite levels between children living near major roads and those who did not. Children living <500\xa0m from a major road had a non-significant OR of 2.06 (95% CI 0.85-5.03) for ADHD diagnosis. Children living on ≥2 major roads within 500\xa0m of a highway had a non-significant OR of 2.27 (95% CI 0.71-7.26) for ADHD diagnosis. There was no association between proximity to major roads and CD diagnosis.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('We found living close to a major road was not associated with increased PAH levels. We did not find statistically significant relation between proximity to a major road or urinary PAH metabolite levels and ADHD or CD diagnosis in this cross-sectional analysis. Prospective studies are needed for the investigation of postnatal TRAP exposure and ADHD and CD diagnosis.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"31699747,Evidence of potential overdiagnosis and overtreatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and adolescents: protocol for a scoping review.,"['child & adolescent psychiatry', 'epidemiology', 'mental health', 'paediatrics', 'public health']","['Luise Kazda', 'Katy Bell', 'Rae Thomas', 'Kevin McGeechan', 'Alexandra Barratt']","[StringElement('Worldwide, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) diagnosis rates in children and adolescents have been increasing consistently over the past decades, fuelling a debate about the underlying reasons for this trend. While many hypothesise that a substantial number of these additional cases are overdiagnosed, to date there has been no comprehensive evaluation of evidence for or against this hypothesis. Thus, with this scoping review we aim to synthesise published evidence on the topic in order to investigate whether existing literature is consistent with the occurrence of overdiagnosis and/or overtreatment of ADHD in children and adolescents.', attributes={'Label': 'INTRODUCTION'}), StringElement('The proposed scoping review will be conducted in the context of a framework of five questions, developed specifically to identify areas in medicine with the potential for overdiagnosis and overtreatment. The review will adhere to the Joanna Briggs Methodology for Scoping Reviews. We will search Medline, Embase, PsycINFO and the Cochrane Library electronic databases for primary studies published in English from 1979 onwards. We will also conduct forward and backward citation searches of included articles. Data from studies that meet our predefined exclusion and inclusion criteria will be charted into a standardised extraction template with results mapped to our predetermined five-question framework in the form of a table and summarised in narrative form.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS AND ANALYSIS'}), StringElement('The proposed study is a scoping review of the existing literature and as such does not require ethics approval. We intend to disseminate the results from the scoping review through publication in a peer-reviewed journal and through conference presentations. Further, we will use the findings from our scoping review to inform future research to fill key evidence gaps identified by this review.', attributes={'Label': 'ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION'})]"26529403,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in Adulthood: Concordance and Differences between Self- and Informant Perspectives on Symptoms and Functional Impairment.,[],"['Beatrice Mörstedt', 'Salvatore Corbisiero', 'Hannes Bitto', 'Rolf-Dieter Stieglitz']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a severe mental illness, associated with major impairment and a high comorbidity rate. Particularly undiagnosed ADHD in adulthood has serious consequences. Thus, a valid diagnosis is important. In adulthood, the diagnostic process for ADHD is complicated: symptoms may overlap with comorbid disorders, and the onset and progression of the disorder must be reconstructed retrospectively. Guidelines for the diagnostic process recommend the inclusion of additional informant ratings. Research into the relation between self- and informant ratings shows extremely heterogeneous results. The levels of agreement range from low to high. The focus of this study is the concordance and differences between self- and informant ratings on ADHD symptoms and impairments. In this regard, two possible influencing factors (gender and relationship type) are also examined. 114 people participated in this study, 77 with an ADHD diagnosis and 37 without a diagnosis. For all participants, either parents or partners also rated ADHD symptoms and impairments. Small to moderate concordance was found between self- and informant ratings, with females being slightly more concordant than males, particularly for ratings of problems with self-concept. Examination of the consistency within a particular perspective showed that people with ADHD seemed to be unaware of the causal relation between ADHD symptoms and their impairments. A close investigation found almost no influence of gender and relationship type on differences within perspectives. Based on these results, the implications for the diagnostic process are that additional informant information is clearly necessary and helpful. ']"29054088,"The interactions among organophosphate pesticide exposure, oxidative stress, and genetic polymorphisms of dopamine receptor D4 increase the risk of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder in children.","['Additive interaction', 'Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Dopamine receptor D4 gene', 'Organophosphate pesticides', 'Oxidative stress']","['Chia-Huang Chang', 'Ching-Jung Yu', 'Jung-Chieh Du', 'Hsien-Chih Chiou', 'Hsin-Chang Chen', 'Winnie Yang', 'Ming-Yi Chung', 'Ying-Sheue Chen', 'Betau Hwang', 'I-Fang Mao', 'Mei-Lien Chen']","[StringElement('The aim of this study was to clarify the association between organophosphate pesticides (OPs) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) related to oxidative stress and genetic polymorphisms.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('This case-control study enrolled 93 children with ADHD and 112 control children in north Taiwan. Six dialkyl phosphate (DAP) metabolites of OPs and oxidative stress biomarkers were analyzed. Polymorphisms of the dopamine receptor D4 gene (DRD4) were identified.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children with ADHD had significantly higher dimethylphosphate (DMP, 236.69nmol/g cre. vs. 186.84nmol/g cre., p value = 0.01) and 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal-mercapturic acid (HNE-MA, 28.95µg/g cre. vs. 16.55µg/g cre., p value<0.01) concentrations than control children. Children who carried DRD4 GA/AA genotypes (rs752306) were less likely than those who carried the DRD4 GG genotype to have ADHD (odds ratio [OR]: 0.45, 95% CI: 0.24-0.84). The estimated value of the AP (attributable proportion due to interaction) was 0.59 (95% CI: 0.13-1.05), indicating that 59% of ADHD cases in DMP-exposed children with the DRD4 GG genotype were due to the gene-environment interaction. After adjustment for other covariates, children who carried the DRD4 GG genotype, had been exposed to high DMP levels (more than the median), and had high HNE-MA levels had a significantly increased risk for developing ADHD (OR = 11.74, 95% CI: 2.12-65.04).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This study indicated a gene-environment interaction in the risk of ADHD in children. The association between DMP and ADHD in children might relate to the mechanism of lipid peroxidation. Dose-response relationships and the combined effects of OPs, oxidative stress, and genetic polymorphism on ADHD should not be neglected.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"30483874,"Adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, risky substance use and substance use disorders: a follow-up study among young men.","['Adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Alcohol', 'Cannabis', 'Nicotine', 'Risky substance use', 'Substance use disorder']","['Natalia Estévez-Lamorte', 'Simon Foster', 'Dominique Eich-Höchli', 'Franz Moggi', 'Gerhard Gmel', 'Meichun Mohler-Kuo']","['We investigated whether adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) predicts risky substance use and substance use disorders (SUDs), and its impact on the course of these problematic substance use patterns. Our sample included 4975 Swiss men (mean age 20\u2009±\u20091.2\xa0years) who participated in the baseline and 15-month follow-up assessments of the Cohort Study on Substance Use Risk Factors. We examined: (1) the contribution of ADHD, as assessed at baseline, on the risky use of alcohol, nicotine and cannabis, and their corresponding use disorders (AUD, NUD, CUD) at follow-up; and (2) the association between ADHD and the course of outcomes (i.e., absence, initiation, maturing out, persistence) over 15\xa0months. All analyses were adjusted for socio-demographics and co-morbidity. Men with ADHD were more likely to exhibit persistent risky alcohol and nicotine use, and to mature out of risky cannabis use. ADHD at baseline was positively linked to AUD and negatively to CUD at follow-up, but not to NUD. For all SUDs, ADHD had a positive association with use persistence and maturing out. Comparing these two trajectories revealed that early age of alcohol use initiation distinguished between persistence and maturing out of AUD, while the course of NUD and CUD was related to ADHD symptoms and SUD severity at baseline. Already in their early twenties, men with ADHD are especially likely to exhibit persistent problematic substance use patterns. Substance-specific prevention strategies, particularly implemented before early adulthood, may be crucial to reducing the development and persistence of pathological patterns in such individuals.']"33461914,Links between parent-reported measures of poor sleep and executive function in childhood autism and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD (attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder)', 'ASD (autism spectrum disorder)', 'Executive function', 'Sleep']","['Calliope Holingue', 'Heather Volk', 'Deana Crocetti', 'Bridget Gottlieb', 'Adam P Spira', 'Stewart H Mostofsky']","[StringElement('This study sought to assess whether poor sleep is associated with aspects of executive function (EF) among children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), or typical development (TD), after adjusting for demographic variables, stimulant medications, intelligence, anxiety, inattention, and hyperactivity.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('Cross-sectional.', attributes={'Label': 'DESIGN'}), StringElement('Children recruited through ongoing studies at the Kennedy Krieger Institute.', attributes={'Label': 'SETTING'}), StringElement('We studied 735 children (323 TD; 177 ASD; 235 ADHD) aged 8 to 12 years.', attributes={'Label': 'PARTICIPANTS'}), StringElement(""We investigated associations of parent-reported sleep measures from the Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ) with parent-report measures of EF and performance-based processing speed with each clinical population. EF was measured using 8 clinical T scores that fall under 2 domains (behavioral regulation and metacognition) from the Behavior Rating Inventory of EF (BRIEF) and the processing speed index from the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children-IV or -V."", attributes={'Label': 'MEASUREMENTS'}), StringElement('Higher CSHQ scores were associated with poorer EF on all BRIEF scales, across all child groups, after adjustment for demographic factors, stimulant medications, and IQ. Among children with ADHD, these associations largely remained after adjusting for anxiety. Among those ASD, anxiety partially accounted for these associations, especially for behavioral regulation EF outcomes. Co-occurring symptoms of inattention and hyperactivity/impulsivity further accounted for the associations between sleep and EF. Poor sleep was not significantly associated with processing speed.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Strong links exist between parent-reported poor sleep and executive dysfunction in children with typical development. Targeting anxiety may alleviate executive dysfunction, especially among children with ASD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"28844700,Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder during adulthood.,"['Adult', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Diagnosis', 'Management', 'Neuropsychology']","['E Magnin', 'C Maurs']","['Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), although considered a childhood-onset neurodevelopmental condition, is nevertheless a frequent and disabling condition in adults. A proportion of such patients are not diagnosed during childhood or adolescence, as diagnosis of the syndrome is rather complex, especially when other psychiatric, neurological or other neurodevelopmental conditions are also associated, yet comorbidities and consequences of ADHD are frequently observed in adults and older populations. As ADHD patients present to memory clinics with attentional and executive disorders, neuropsychological examinations of undiagnosed ADHD patients may reveal atypical cognitive profiles that can complicate the usual diagnostic procedure and increase the risk of delayed diagnosis or misdiagnosis. Thus, explorations of cognitive and/or behavioral disorders in adult populations should systematically screen for this neurodevelopmental condition. Accurate diagnosis could lead to non-pharmaceutical and/or pharmaceutical treatments to improve symptoms and quality of life for adult ADHD patients.']"34245175,"Persistent attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder predicts socially oriented, but not physical/physiologically oriented, alcohol problems in early adulthood.","['ADHD', 'blackout drinking', 'impaired control', 'socially oriented alcohol problems', 'tolerance', 'withdrawal']","['Frances L Wang', 'Sarah L Pedersen', 'Traci M Kennedy', 'Elizabeth M Gnagy', 'William E Pelham', 'Brooke S G Molina']","[StringElement('Although individuals with histories of childhood attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) report more alcohol-related problems in adulthood than those without ADHD, it is unknown whether there are group differences in certain types of alcohol problems. We tested whether the nature of alcohol problems differed for individuals with and without childhood ADHD, as well as adulthood-persistent ADHD, to facilitate a personalized medicine approach for alcohol problems in this high-risk group.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Data were drawn from a prospective, observational study. Children diagnosed with ADHD and demographically similar individuals without childhood ADHD were followed prospectively through young adulthood (N\xa0=\xa0453; 87.6% male). ADHD symptom persistence was assessed using self-reports and parent reports. Alcohol problems and heavy drinking were assessed repeatedly from 18-30\xa0years old to construct lifetime measures.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Full-sample confirmatory factor analyses identified 5 alcohol problem ""types:"" interpersonal problems/risky behaviors, occupational/academic impairment, impaired control/treatment seeking, tolerance/withdrawal, and drinking to blackout. Latent class analyses of items within each type yielded the best fit for 3-class solutions for all sets of items except blackout drinking, for which 2\xa0classes emerged. Children with ADHD were more likely than those without ADHD to belong to high-risk latent classes for interpersonal problems/risky behaviors, occupational/academic problems, and impaired control (the high-risk class that indexed treatment-seeking behavior). These effects were driven by individuals whose ADHD symptoms persisted into adulthood. Few group differences emerged for tolerance/withdrawal and blackout drinking, except that individuals with only childhood ADHD (no persistence) were more likely to belong to the low-risk groups than those with adulthood-persistent ADHD and without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Individuals with ADHD histories whose symptoms persist into adulthood may be more likely to experience socially oriented alcohol problems and impaired control/treatment seeking than individuals without an ADHD history and those with childhood ADHD only. Tailored alcohol prevention and treatment programs may benefit this high-risk population.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34153722,Electrophysiological correlates of improved executive function following EEG neurofeedback in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Adult ADHD', 'Event-related Potentials', 'Executive Control', 'Neurofeedback', 'P300 component']","['Marie-Pierre Deiber', 'Camille Ammann', 'Roland Hasler', 'Julien Colin', 'Nader Perroud', 'Tomas Ros']","[StringElement('Event-related potentials (ERPs) are reported to be altered in relation to cognitive processing deficits in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, this evidence is mostly limited to cross-sectional data. The current study utilized neurofeedback (NFB) as a neuromodulatory tool to examine the ERP correlates of attentional and inhibitory processes in adult ADHD using a single-session, within-subject design.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We recorded high-density EEG in 25 adult ADHD patients and 22 neurotypical controls during a Go/NoGo task, before and after a 30-minute NFB session designed to down-regulate the alpha (8-12\xa0Hz) rhythm.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('At baseline, ADHD patients demonstrated impaired Go/NoGo performance compared to controls, while Go-P3 amplitude inversely correlated with ADHD-associated symptomatology in childhood. Post NFB, task performance improved in both groups, significantly enhancing stimulus detectability (d-prime) and reducing reaction time variability, while increasing N1 and P3 ERP component amplitudes. Specifically for ADHD patients, the pre-to-post enhancement in Go-P3 amplitude correlated with measures of improved executive function, i.e., enhanced d-prime, reduced omission errors and reduced reaction time variability.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('A single-session of alpha down-regulation NFB was able to reverse the abnormal neurocognitive signatures of adult ADHD during a Go/NoGo task.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('The study demonstrates for the first time the beneficial neurobehavioral effect of a single NFB session in adult ADHD, and reinforces the notion that ERPs could serve as useful diagnostic/prognostic markers of executive dysfunction.', attributes={'Label': 'SIGNIFICANCE'})]"31077682,Occupational pesticide exposure and symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in adolescent pesticide applicators in Egypt.,"['ADHD', 'Adolescent', 'Organophosphate pesticides']","['Diane S Rohlman', 'Ahmed Ismail', 'Matthew R Bonner', 'Gaafar Abdel Rasoul', 'Olfat Hendy', 'Lizette Ortega Dickey', 'Kai Wang', 'James R Olson']","[StringElement('Exposure to environmental chemicals, including organophosphorus pesticides, is associated with behavioral disorders such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, the impact of occupational pesticide exposure on ADHD development in adolescents has not been examined.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We examined the association between exposure to chlorpyrifos and ADHD symptoms among adolescents in Egypt.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement(""Adolescent pesticide applicators and non-applicators, 12-21 years old, participated in a 10-month longitudinal study examining health effects from pesticide exposure. Repeated urine and blood samples were collected at various time points during the 10-months to assess biomarkers of chlorpyrifos exposure (urinary trichloro-2-pyridinol or TCPy) and effect (blood acetyl cholinesterase activity and butyryl cholinesterase activity). Parents from a subset of the cohort (N\u2009=\u200964) completed the Short Form of Conners' Parent Rating Scale - Revised. Poisson regressions were used to examine the associations between the number of ADHD symptoms and occupation and biomarkers."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Pesticide applicators had significantly more symptoms of ADHD than participants in the non-applicator group. Urinary TCPy levels were associated with increased symptoms, demonstrating a dose-response effect. Applicators with ADHD reported applying pesticides for more hours during the application season and had greater cumulative TCPy levels than participants without ADHD. One fourth of all applicators met the criteria for an ADHD diagnosis (having 6 or more reported symptoms).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('This study provides preliminary evidence of an association between occupational exposure to chlorpyrifos and ADHD symptoms among adolescent pesticide applicators in spite of its limited small sample size. There is a critical need to investigate the susceptibility of children and adolescents to repeated occupational and environmental exposures to pesticides because the developing brain may be uniquely sensitive to the neurotoxic effects of these agents.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29172673,How Informative Are Self-Reported Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms? An Examination of the Agreement Between the Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Self-Report Scale V1.1 and Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Investigator Symptom Rating Scale.,"['AISRS', 'attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'emotional control', 'executive dysregulation', 'scale psychometrics']","['Michael J Silverstein', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Samuel Alperin', 'Joseph Biederman', 'Thomas J Spencer', 'Lenard A Adler']","[StringElement('Assess agreement between self-ratings via the adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) Self-Report Scale (ASRS)-v1.1 Symptom Checklist and clinician ratings via the adult ADHD Investigator Symptom Rating Scale (AISRS) expanded version using DSM-5 adult ADHD patients (referred sample) and ADHD controls (recruited from a primary care physician practice).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('The ASRS v1.1 Symptom Checklist was administered to measure self-reported ADHD symptoms and impairment, the Adult ADHD Clinical Diagnostic Scale v1.2 was used to establish an adult ADHD diagnosis and the childhood and adult/current sections of the scale were used to provide scores to measure symptoms of childhood ADHD and recent symptoms of adult ADHD, the AISRS to measure ADHD current symptom severity.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Participants (n\u2009=\u2009299; range 18-58), of which 171 were ADHD+ and 128 ADHD-. ASRS and AISRS total scores and individual subsections examining inattention, hyperactivity, emotional dysfunction (EF), and emotional dyscontrol (EC) were all significantly correlated (Spearman's ρ's\u2009=\u20090.78-0.89, ps\u2009<\u20090.01). Correlations remained significant when controlling for demographic factors and psychiatric conditions."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The ASRS (self) and AISRS (clinician rated) scales have high agreement. This agreement extended not only the to the core 18 DSM symptoms, but also to the additional 13 symptoms that examine EC and EF.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31739230,Prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms in narcolepsy: a systematic review.,"['Attention deficit disorder with hyperactivity', 'Comorbidity', 'Narcolepsy']","['Jiyoung Kim', 'Gha-Hyun Lee', 'Sang Min Sung', 'Dae Soo Jung', 'Kyoungjune Pak']","[StringElement('Narcolepsy is characterized by excessive daytime sleepiness and cataplexy. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is characterized by hyperactivity, inattention, and impulsivity. However, despite their differences, both narcolepsy and ADHD share the symptoms of sleep disturbance and excessive daytime sleepiness. Recent studies have suggested a link between the two disorders. The objective of systematic review was to assess the prevalence of ADHD symptoms in narcolepsy.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We performed a systematic search of MEDLINE (inception to December 2018) and EMBASE (inception to December 2018) for English publications of human studies using the keywords ""narcolepsy"" and ""ADHD"".', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Five studies examining a total of 328 patients met the eligibility criteria for this study examining the prevalence of ADHD symptoms in narcolepsy. The pooled prevalence of ADHD symptoms in narcolepsy was 33.0%. Two studies using the international classification of sleep disorders, second edition (ICSD-2) observed a pooled prevalence of ADHD symptoms in narcolepsy of 25.0%, while two other studies that relied on the ICSD-3 criteria observed a pooled prevalence of ADHD symptoms in narcolepsy of 36.4%.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The prevalence of ADHD symptoms was >30%, making it an important comorbidity of narcolepsy. Future studies should be performed to better assess the relationship between ADHD and narcolepsy.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"33228586,Late-onset attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder as a differential diagnosis of dementia: a case report.,"['Dementia', 'Early onset Alzheimer’s disease', 'Late-onset attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Pre-elderly']","['Hiroyuki Sasaki', 'Tadashi Jono', 'Ryuji Fukuhara', 'Seiji Yuki', 'Tomohisa Ishikawa', 'Shuken Boku', 'Minoru Takebayashi']","[StringElement(""Although adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder has recently gained increased attention, few reports on attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in the pre-elderly or elderly have been published. Here, we present the case of a patient with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder who gradually developed dementia-like symptoms as she aged, which initially made her condition difficult to distinguish from early onset Alzheimer's disease. This report illustrates that some types of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder may be misdiagnosed as dementia."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement(""The patient was a 58-year-old woman. Although she presented with a tendency for inattentiveness and forgetfulness since childhood, she did not have a history of psychiatric disorders prior to consultation. Around the age of 52\u2009years, her inattentiveness and forgetfulness gradually progressed, and at 57\u2009years of age, she became inattentive and forgetful that it interfered with her work and daily life. For example, she forgot meetings with important clients and transferred money to the wrong bank account; these failures resulted in poor management of her company. At home, she experienced increasing difficulties with remembering prior commitments with her family and misplacing items, which her family members noticed. With the encouragement of her family and employees, who worried that she was suffering from dementia, she visited our memory clinic, whereby she was suspected of having early onset Alzheimer's disease. However, neuropsychological tests and brain imaging evaluations did not reveal any significant abnormalities. After dismissing various possible diagnoses, including dementia, other organic diseases, mood disorders, and delirium, we diagnosed her with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. Treatment with 18\u2009mg of methylphenidate was initiated, and significant improvements in her symptoms were observed within a few days; for example, she stopped losing her things, was able to concentrate for long durations, and could complete more tasks than she could before treatment. Since initiating treatment, she has returned to work and has been able to perform her daily activities without difficulty."", attributes={'Label': 'CASE PRESENTATION'}), StringElement('This case supports that some patients with late-onset attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder may gradually develop dementia-like symptoms during the pre-elderly and elderly stages of life. Therefore, clinicians should consider late-onset attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder as a differential diagnosis of some types of dementias.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34491528,Quantitative synthetic MRI reveals grey matter abnormalities in children with drug-naïve attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Grey matter', 'Quantitative MRI']","['Shu Su', 'Yingqian Chen', 'Yan Dai', 'Liping Lin', 'Long Qian', 'Qin Zhou', 'Mengsha Zou', 'Hongyu Zhang', 'Meina Liu', 'Xianhong Xiang', 'Zhiyun Yang']","['To investigate the quantitative profiles of brain grey matter (GM) in pediatric drug-naïve ADHD patients using synthetic magnetic resonance imaging (SyMRI). A total of 37 drug-naïve pediatric ADHD and 27 age- and gender-matched healthy controls (HC) were enrolled in this study. Each subject underwent both SyMRI and conventional 3D T1-FSPGR scans. Quantitative parameters, T1 and T2 maps, were extracted from the SyMRI data. Between-group quantitative maps were compared using a general linear model analysis. Pearson correlation analysis was conducted to assess the association between significantly altered MR indices and clinical measurements in ADHD. Compared with the HC group, altered T1 and T2 relaxometry times in the ADHD group were mainly distributed in GM regions of the cerebellum, attention and execution control network, default mode network, and limbic areas. Moreover, the T1 value of the right cerebellum 8 was negatively correlated with the attention concentration level in ADHD (R\u2009=\u20090.140, P\u2009=\u20090.0225). With regards to T2 map, the associations were observed between the attention level of ADHD patients and left fusiform gyrus (R\u2009=\u20090.251, P\u2009=\u20090.0016), and right cerebellum crus2 (R\u2009=\u20090.142, P\u2009=\u20090.0214). Altered T1, T2 values found in specific regions of GM, including cerebellum, attention and execution control network, default mode network, and limbic areas, may reveal widespread micromorphology changes, i.e., brain iron deficiency, low myelin content, and enlarged vascular interstitial space in ADHD patients. Thus, T1, T2 values might be promising imaging markers for future ADHD studies.']"32504851,"Residential pyrethroid insecticide use, urinary 3-phenoxybenzoic acid levels, and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder-like symptoms in preschool-age children: The Environment and Development of Children study.","['3-phenoxybenzoic acid', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Preschool-age children', 'Pyrethroid insecticide']","['Woo-Seok Lee', 'Youn-Hee Lim', 'Bung-Nyun Kim', 'Choong Ho Shin', 'Young Ah Lee', 'Johanna Inhyang Kim', 'Yun-Chul Hong', 'Kyoung-Nam Kim']","['Previous animal studies have reported that pyrethroids can cause dopamine system abnormalities and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) phenotypes. However, epidemiological studies investigating the associations between pyrethroid exposure and ADHD are limited. We aimed to investigate the association between pyrethroid exposure and ADHD-like symptoms among preschool-age children. We used data from 385 children at 4 years of age participating in the Environment and Development of Children (EDC) study. We evaluated pyrethroid exposure through questionnaires and urinary 3-phenoxybenzoic acid (3-PBA) concentrations. We assessed ADHD-like symptoms using the Korean ADHD rating scale (K-ARS). We conducted negative binomial regressions to evaluate the associations between pyrethroid exposure and ADHD-like symptoms. Residential use of insecticide adhesive (β\xa0=\xa00.42, 95% CI: 0.11, 0.74) and insecticide spray (β\xa0=\xa00.33, 95% CI: 0.08, 0.59) was associated with an increase in log-transformed creatinine-adjusted urinary 3-PBA concentrations. Residential insecticide adhesive use was associated with a 51.6% increase in K-ARS scores (95% confidence interval [CI]: 6.3, 116.1) among boys, when compared with non-users. When compared with creatinine-adjusted 3-PBA levels <0.50\xa0μg/g creatinine, creatinine-adjusted 3-PBA levels ≥3.80\xa0μg/g creatinine were associated with a 58% increase in K-ARS scores (95% CI: 0.1, 150.5) among boys. We found associations of residential pyrethroid insecticide use and urinary 3-PBA concentrations with K-ARS scores among preschool-age boys. Since the present study explored cross-sectional associations in preschool-age children, the possibility of reverse causality cannot be dismissed. Further studies implementing a cohort study design are warranted.']"29366923,Handwriting difficulties in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD', 'Handwriting', 'Intra-individual variability', 'Speed', 'Working memory']","['Agnese Capodieci', 'Simona Lachina', 'Cesare Cornoldi']","[""Handwriting is fundamental in school and everyday life situations. Legibility guarantees that writing productions communicate information, and speed is often crucial, especially in children with attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), in order to increase the likelihood of their being able to work efficiently and stay on-task during school activities. Preliminary reports have shown an impairment in handwriting of children with ADHD, but evidence is still unclear, especially in the case of speed where research has offered contradictory results. Children's performance, furthermore, has yet to be investigated under the cognitive loading conditions typical of academic tasks in classroom. To shed light on this matter, we examined the handwriting performance in a simple condition but also under (verbal or spatial) working memory (WM) load in 16 fourth- and fifth-grade children with symptoms of ADHD and 16 matched control children. Our results showed that the groups speed differed significantly only in the verbal WM loading condition, where children with symptoms of ADHD wrote more slowly and showed a greater intra-individual variability than controls. Handwriting legibility was affected by verbal WM loading too. These findings are discussed in relation to their educational and clinical implications.""]"33440203,Phasic Versus Tonic Irritability: Differential Associations With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms.,"['ADHD', 'DMDD', 'aggression', 'irritability', 'latent variable analysis']","['Elise M Cardinale', 'Gabrielle F Freitag', 'Melissa A Brotman', 'Daniel S Pine', 'Ellen Leibenluft', 'Katharina Kircanski']","[StringElement('Irritability is a multifaceted construct in pediatric psychopathology. It has been conceptualized as having a phasic dimension and a tonic dimension. Disruptive mood dysregulation disorder is defined by the presence of both dimensions. Severe irritability, or disruptive mood dysregulation disorder, is highly comorbid with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, it is unknown whether the presence of ADHD modulates the expression of phasic and tonic irritability.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A data-driven, latent variable approach was used to examine irritability and ADHD symptoms in a transdiagnostic pediatric sample (N\xa0= 489) with primary disruptive mood dysregulation disorder, ADHD, subclinical irritability symptoms, or no diagnosis. Using latent profile analyses, we identified 4 classes: high levels of both irritability and ADHD symptoms, high levels of irritability and moderate levels of ADHD symptoms, moderate levels of irritability and high levels of ADHD symptoms, and low levels of both irritability and ADHD symptoms. Confirmatory factor analysis operationalized phasic irritability and tonic irritability.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('As expected, the 2 latent classes characterized by high overall irritability exhibited the highest levels of both phasic and tonic irritability. However, between these 2 high irritability classes, highly comorbid ADHD symptoms were associated with significantly greater phasic irritability than were moderately comorbid ADHD symptoms. In contrast, the 2 high irritability groups did not differ on levels of tonic irritability.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These findings suggest that phasic, but not tonic, irritability has a significant association with ADHD symptoms and that phasic and tonic might be distinct, though highly related, irritability dimensions. Future research should investigate potential mechanisms underlying this differential association.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"33412253,Ghrelin modulates dopaminergic neuron formation and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder-like behaviors: From animals to human models.,"['Attention deficiency', 'Dopaminergic neuron', 'Ghrelin', 'Hyperactivity', 'Zebrafish']","['Xulai Shi', 'Kaiyu Guan', 'Xuyan Peng', 'Bingru Xu', 'Xianyong Zhou', 'Shao Wang', 'Shengnan Xu', 'Miaomiao Zheng', 'Jing Huang', 'Xiaoyang Wan', 'Wanchun Guan', 'Kuan-Pin Su', 'Minjie Ye', 'Xiang Gao', 'Zhan Yin', 'Xi Li']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the most prevalent psychiatric disorders in children. The orexigenic hormone ghrelin is important in neuroprotection and neurodevelopment, which may play an important role in psychopathogenesis of ADHD. This study aimed to systematically investigate the genomic and pharmacological manipulations of ghrelin functioning in ADHD-like symptoms in zebrafish models and validated the effects of ghrelin polymorphisms in human subjects with ADHD. We firstly generated ghrelin<sup>Δ/Δ</sup> zebrafish mutant, which displayed hyperactive, attention deficit-like and impulsive-like behaviors, as well as endophenotypes, mimicking human ADHD. Ghrelin<sup>Δ/Δ</sup> zebrafish exhibited downregulated expression levels of wnt1, wnt3a, wnt5a that are critical for dopaminergic neuron development to possibly regulate their number and spatial organization. Pharmacological blockade of wnt signaling with XAV939 induced a reduced moving activity and less dopaminergic neurons; whereas, wnt agonist SB415286 rescued hyperactivity and dopaminergic neuron loss in ghrelin<sup>Δ/Δ</sup> zebrafish. In addition, we further identified and validated a SNP, rs696217, on orexigenic hormone preproghrelin/ghrelin (T408T, Met72Met) to be associated with a higher risk of ADHD in a case-controlled association study with 248 subjects with ADHD and 208 subjects of healthy controls. Together, our results reveal a novel endogenous role for orexigenic hormone ghrelin in ADHD, which provides insights into genetic regulation and drug screens for the identification of novel treatments of ADHD.']"33086253,Management of anxiety disorders in children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder: a narrative review.,[],"['Pavel Golubchik', 'Abraham Weizman']","['Anxiety disorders are common comorbidities of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and conversely, ADHD is prevalent among anxious youths. A variety of treatments, both psychopharmacological and nonpsychopharmacological, are used to manage combined ADHD/anxiety disorder. This article aims to review the literature on the treatment of ADHD with comorbid anxiety disorders, and make evidence-based recommendations for clinical practice. In most cases, when ADHD is the primary condition, stimulants are the first-line of treatment, frequently resulting not only in improvement in ADHD symptoms but also alleviating the symptoms of the comorbid anxiety disorder. Stimulant treatment is relatively safe and well-tolerated in ADHD with comorbid anxiety disorder. When the stimulant administration does not attenuate the severity of the comorbid anxiety disorder, a treatment that targets specifically the anxiety disorder should be added. This recommendation, however, might be challenged by the impressive efficacy of atomoxetine for both the ADHD and anxiety disorder symptoms. Adjunctive cognitive-behavior therapy for anxiety disorder symptoms is strongly recommended and is considered superior to medication alone. Other options include adding pharmacological treatment for the anxiety symptoms. In moderate and severe cases of comorbid Ads, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors can be added to the stimulants, with the required caution.']"34848247,Review of rodent models of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Environmental influences', 'Neurodevelopment', 'Polygenic disorders', 'Rodent models']","['Samantha L Regan', 'Michael T Williams', 'Charles V Vorhees']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a polygenic neurodevelopmental disorder that affects 8-12 % of children and >4 % of adults. Environmental factors are believed to interact with genetic predispositions to increase susceptibility to ADHD. No existing rodent model captures all aspects of ADHD, but several show promise. The main genetic models are the spontaneous hypertensive rat, dopamine transporter knock-out (KO) mice, dopamine receptor subtype KO mice, Snap-25 KO mice, guanylyl cyclase-c KO mice, and latrophilin-3 KO mice and rats. Environmental factors thought to contribute to ADHD include ethanol, nicotine, PCBs, lead (Pb), ionizing irradiation, 6-hydroxydopamine, neonatal hypoxia, some pesticides, and organic pollutants. Model validation criteria are outlined, and current genetic models evaluated against these criteria. Future research should explore induced multiple gene KOs given that ADHD is polygenic and epigenetic contributions. Furthermore, genetic models should be combined with environmental agents to test for interactions.']"30535676,"Family structure, birth order, and aggressive behaviors among school-aged boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).","['ADHD', 'Aggression', 'Birth order', 'Family structure']","['Yuan-Chang Hsu', 'Chih-Tsai Chen', 'Hao-Jan Yang', 'Pesus Chou']","[StringElement('To evaluate the associations between family structure, birth order, and aggressive behaviors among school-aged boys with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We conducted a matched case-control study. Data were retrieved from medical records at a psychiatry center in northern Taiwan. School-aged boys with ADHD who first visited the outpatient department at the psychiatric center between 2000 and 2011 were identified. The Child Behavior Checklist was used for aggressive behavior assessment. Boys with ADHD with T scores higher than 70 on the aggressive subscale were classified as cases and others with T scores lower than 70 were classified as controls at a 1:4 ratio. After controlling for other familial, personal, and parental factors, a multivariate conditional logistic regression was performed to evaluate the effects of family structure and birth order on aggressive behaviors of boys with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('277 cases and 1108 controls were included in the final analysis. Compared with living in a traditional family with both parents, living in a non-traditional family in which one or both parents were absent increased the risk of aggressive behaviors by 1.47-fold, with the highest risk for those in single parent families. Being the firstborn increased risk by 1.45-fold and the risk was higher when the firstborn had siblings.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Living in non-traditional families in which one or both parents were absent, and being the firstborn increased risk of aggression in school-aged boys with ADHD. Identification of this high-risk population and development of adequate preventive strategies are warranted.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35213818,Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder-Related Self-Reported Symptoms Are Associated With Elevated Concussion Symptomatology.,"['ADHD-IV', 'BRIEF', 'SCAT5', 'executive function', 'subacute phase']","['Lauren E Bullard', 'Colt A Coffman', 'Jacob J M Kay', 'Jeffrey P Holloway', 'Robert D Moore', 'Matthew B Pontifex']","['The aim of the present investigation was to provide insight into how postconcussion symptomatology may be altered in individuals exhibiting attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)-related behaviors and examine factors that may be responsible for driving such relationships. A total of 99 individuals were assessed during the subacute phase of concussion recovery. Inattentive symptomatology, but not diagnosis of ADHD, was related to greater concussion-symptom severity and overall symptoms endorsed. Cluster and factor analyses highlighted that the relationship between ADHD symptomatology and concussion symptomatology was not a function of overlapping constructs being assessed (i.e.,\xa0concussion-related symptomatology was not a proxy of ADHD-related symptomatology). These relationships were not mediated by parental observations of impairments in behaviors associated with executive functioning (i.e.,\xa0executive dysfunction was not driving the greater concussion-related symptomatology associated with ADHD-related symptomatology). These findings highlight the importance of moving beyond categorical frameworks of ADHD to, instead, consider the continuum of underlying behaviors.']"30694697,"Dasotraline in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Six-Week, Placebo-Controlled, Fixed-Dose Trial.","['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'dasotraline serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor', 'randomized controlled trial']","['Robert L Findling', 'Lenard A Adler', 'Thomas J Spencer', 'Robert Goldman', 'Seth C Hopkins', 'Kenneth S Koblan', 'Justine Kent', 'Jay Hsu', 'Antony Loebel']","[StringElement('Dasotraline is a potent inhibitor of presynaptic dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake with a pharmacokinetic profile characterized by slow absorption and a long elimination half-life. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of dasotraline in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Children aged 6-12 years with a Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-5) diagnosis of ADHD were randomized to 6 weeks of double-blind once-daily treatment with dasotraline (2 or 4\u2009mg) or placebo. The primary efficacy endpoint was change from baseline in the ADHD Rating Scale Version IV-Home Version (ADHD RS-IV HV) total score at week 6.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A total of 342 patients were randomized to dasotraline or placebo (mean age 9.1 years, 66.7% male). Treatment with dasotraline was associated with significant improvement at study endpoint in the ADHD RS-IV HV total score for the 4\u2009mg/day dose versus placebo (-17.5 vs. -11.4; p\u2009<\u20090.001; effect size [ES], 0.48), but not for the 2\u2009mg/day dose (-11.8 vs. -11.4; ns; ES, 0.03). A regression analysis confirmed a significant linear dose-response relationship for dasotraline. Significant improvement for dasotraline 4\u2009mg/day dose versus placebo was also observed across the majority of secondary efficacy endpoints, including the Clinical Global Impression (CGI)-Severity score, the Conners Parent Rating Scale-Revised scale (CPRS-R) ADHD index score, and subscale measures of hyperactivity and inattentiveness. Discontinuation rates due to adverse events (AEs) were higher in the dasotraline 4\u2009mg/day group (12.2%) compared with the 2\u2009mg/day group (6.3%) and placebo (1.7%). The most frequent AEs associated with dasotraline were insomnia, decreased appetite, decreased weight, and irritability. Psychosis-related symptoms were reported as AEs by 7/219 patients treated with dasotraline in this study. There were no serious AEs or clinically meaningful changes in blood pressure or heart rate on dasotraline.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('In this placebo-controlled study, treatment with dasotraline 4\u2009mg/day significantly improved ADHD symptoms and behaviors, including attention and hyperactivity, in children aged 6-12 years. The most frequently reported AEs observed on dasotraline included insomnia, decreased appetite, decreased weight, and irritability.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35130934,Efficacy of cognitive behavioral therapy on aggressive behavior in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and emotion dysregulation: study protocol of a randomized controlled trial.,"['ADHD', 'Children', 'Cognitive behavioral therapy', 'Emotion dysregulation']","['C Vacher', 'L Romo', 'M Dereure', 'M Soler', 'M C Picot', 'D Purper-Ouakil']","[StringElement('Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is frequently associated with emotional dysregulation (ED). ED is characterized by excessive and inappropriate emotional reactions compared to social norms, uncontrolled and rapid shifts in emotion, and attention focused on emotional stimuli. Few studies have evaluated non-pharmacological interventions to improve ED in children with ADHD. The current randomized controlled trial assesses the efficacy of a cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) intervention compared with a theater-based intervention (TBI) in children with ADHD and ED.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Sixty-eight 7- to 13-year-old children with ADHD and ED will be recruited and randomly assigned to the CBT or TBI group. CBT aims to reduce ED by teaching anger management strategies. TBI seeks to reduce ED by improving emotion understanding and expression through mimics and movement. In both groups, children participate in 15 1-h sessions, and parents participate in 8 sessions of a parent management program. The primary outcome measure is the change in the ""Aggression"" sub-score of the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL). Secondary outcome measures include overall impairment (Children\'s Global Assessment Scale, Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire), personality profile (Hierarchical Personality Inventory for Children), executive function (Behavioral Rating Inventory of Executive Function), quality of life (Kidscreen-27), parental stress (Parenting Stress Index, 4th edition), parental depression (Beck Depression Inventory-II), and impact of child disorders on the quality of the family life (Parental Quality of Life and Developmental Disorder).', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Children with ADHD and ED are at risk of functional impairment and poor outcomes and have specific therapeutic needs. This randomized controlled trial wants to assess non-pharmacological treatment options for this population.', attributes={'Label': 'DISCUSSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'}), StringElement('Clinicaltrials.gov. NCT03176108 . Registered on June 5, 2017.', attributes={'Label': 'TRIAL REGISTRATION', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'})]"34081560,Open-Label Dose Optimization of Methylphenidate Extended-Release Orally Disintegrating Tablet in a Laboratory Classroom Study of Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'methylphenidate extended-release orally disintegrating tablet', 'school-age children', 'stimulant medication']","['Ann C Childress', 'Scott H Kollins', 'Andrew J Cutler', 'Andrea Marraffino', 'Carolyn R Sikes']","['<b><i>Objective:</i></b> To examine the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of methylphenidate extended-release orally disintegrating tablets (MPH XR-ODT) for the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) during the open-label dose-optimization/stabilization period of a phase 3 laboratory classroom study. <b><i>Methods:</i></b> Children (6-12 years) diagnosed with ADHD were enrolled. Treatment was initiated with MPH XR-ODT 20\u2009mg daily. Doses were adjusted weekly by 10-20\u2009mg during the 4-week dose-optimization period (visits 2-5) until an optimal dose was reached. The optimal dose was sustained during a 1-week stabilization period (visits 6-7). Efficacy was assessed using the ADHD Rating Scale-IV (ADHD-RS-IV) score and the Clinical Global Impression-Improvement (CGI-I) score. Adverse events (AEs) were recorded throughout the study. A secondary subgroup analysis by baseline ADHD-RS-IV score, sex, age, and weight was also performed. <b><i>Results:</i></b> The mean (standard deviation [SD]) final optimized MPH XR-ODT daily dose was 41.8 (14.6) mg and ranged from 20 to 60\u2009mg. Final optimized dose was higher for children with more severe baseline ADHD-RS-IV total scores. ADHD-RS-IV total scores decreased progressively during dose optimization, with a mean (SD) change from baseline at visit 7 of -21.4 (8.9). CGI-I scores shifted from ""minimally improved"" (mean [SD]: 3.1 [1.1]) at visit 3 to ""much improved"" (1.6 [0.6]) at visit 7. Baseline ADHD-RS-IV total score was highest for participants optimized to 40\u2009mg (mean [standard error]: 40.0 [1.4]) and lowest for those optimized to 20\u2009mg (34.8 [2.1]). By visit 6, mean ADHD-RS-IV score was comparable for all optimized dose groups. Common treatment-emergent AEs (≥5% of participants) included decreased appetite, upper abdominal pain, headaches, and insomnia. <b><i>Conclusions:</i></b> Dose optimization of MPH XR-ODT led to a reduction in ADHD symptoms, indicated by a decrease in ADHD-RS-IV and CGI-I scores. AEs were consistent with those of other MPH products. Clinical Trial Registry: NCT01835548 (ClinicalTrials.gov).']"28224622,SLC2A3 single-nucleotide polymorphism and duplication influence cognitive processing and population-specific risk for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['\nSLC2A3\n', 'Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'copy number variants', 'duplication', 'energy homeostasis', 'frontostriatal network', 'glucose transporter', 'single-nucleotide polymorphisms']","['Sören Merker', 'Andreas Reif', 'Georg C Ziegler', 'Heike Weber', 'Ute Mayer', 'Ann-Christine Ehlis', 'Annette Conzelmann', 'Stefan Johansson', 'Clemens Müller-Reible', 'Indrajit Nanda', 'Thomas Haaf', 'Reinhard Ullmann', 'Marcel Romanos', 'Andreas J Fallgatter', 'Paul Pauli', 'Tatyana Strekalova', 'Charline Jansch', 'Alejandro Arias Vasquez', 'Jan Haavik', 'Marta Ribasés', 'Josep Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Barbara Franke', 'Klaus-Peter Lesch']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a common, highly heritable neurodevelopmental disorder with profound cognitive, behavioral, and psychosocial impairments with persistence across the life cycle. Our initial genome-wide screening approach for copy number variants (CNVs) in ADHD implicated a duplication of SLC2A3, encoding glucose transporter-3 (GLUT3). GLUT3 plays a critical role in cerebral glucose metabolism, providing energy for the activity of neurons, which, in turn, moderates the excitatory-inhibitory balance impacting both brain development and activity-dependent neural plasticity. We therefore aimed to provide additional genetic and functional evidence for GLUT3 dysfunction in ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND', 'NlmCategory': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Case-control association analyses of SLC2A3 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and CNVs were conducted in several European cohorts of patients with childhood and adult ADHD (SNP, n\xa0=\xa01,886 vs. 1,988; CNV, n\xa0=\xa01,692 vs. 1,721). These studies were complemented by SLC2A3 expression analyses in peripheral cells, functional EEG recordings during neurocognitive tasks, and ratings of food energy content.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Meta-analysis of all cohorts detected an association of SNP rs12842 with ADHD. While CNV analysis detected a population-specific enrichment of SLC2A3 duplications only in German ADHD patients, the CNV\xa0+\xa0rs12842 haplotype influenced ADHD risk in both the German and Spanish cohorts. Duplication carriers displayed elevated SLC2A3 mRNA expression in peripheral blood cells and altered event-related potentials reflecting deficits in working memory and cognitive response control, both endophenotypic traits of ADHD, and an underestimation of energy units of high-caloric food.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Taken together, our results indicate that both common and rare SLC2A3 variation impacting regulation of neuronal glucose utilization and energy homeostasis may result in neurocognitive deficits known to contribute to ADHD risk.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"32700253,Brain voxel-based morphometry correlates of emotion dysregulation in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Emotion dysregulation', 'Structural MRI', 'Voxel-based morphometry']","['Chia-Jui Tsai', 'Hsiang-Yuan Lin', 'Isaac Wen-Yih Tseng', 'Susan Shur-Fen Gau']","['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) has a high prevalence of co-occurring with emotion dysregulation (ED). Youths with ADHD and ED are more likely to have increased functional impairment. There is accumulating research on defining the features, behavioral, and physiological manifestations of ED, but there are currently few studies elucidating neuroanatomical correlations of ED in ADHD. Structural magnetic resonance imaging data from 118 children (aged 7-18\xa0years) with ADHD (50 ADHD+high ED, 68 ADHD+low ED), and 104 typically developing controls (TDC) were processed using voxel-based morphometry. We used both dichotomous and continuous indices of ED to examine the possible correspondence between ED and ADHD. Relative to ADHD+high ED, ADHD+low ED had greater gray matter (GM) volumes over the left anterior prefrontal cortex (PFC). ADHD+low ED and ADHD+high ED shared a negative association of ED levels with the left middle temporal pole GM volume. TDC and ADHD+low ED also shared negative relationships of ED levels with the right temporal volume, and positive relationships with the left dorsolateral PFC volume. Besides, ED-by-group interactions were also noted. Specifically, medial PFC GM volumes increased and decreased with ED severity in ADHD+low ED and ADHD+high ED, respectively; and left cerebellum Crus GM volumes decreased and increased with ED severity in ADHD+low ED and ADHD+high ED, respectively. Our findings add to the evidence that some specific neural correlates are underpinning ED across ADHD and TDC. These findings suggest the importance of incorporating ED problems when considering heterogeneity in studies of ADHD.']"32505701,Effect of Parent Training on Health-Related Quality of Life in Preschool Children With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Secondary Analysis of Data From a Randomized Controlled Trial.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'health-related quality of life', 'parent training', 'preschool children']","['Liva Bundgaard Larsen', 'David Daley', 'Anne-Mette Lange', 'Edmund Sonuga-Barke', 'Per Hove Thomsen', 'Charlotte Ulrikka Rask']","[StringElement('School-age children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) have reduced health-related quality of life (HRQoL), but it is unclear whether this is also true for preschool children. It is unknown whether parent training (PT) improves HRQoL. This study compared HRQoL in preschool children with ADHD with age-matched children from the general population; examined whether PT improves HRQoL; and tested if treatment-related changes in HRQoL were mediated by improvements in ADHD, parent efficacy, and family stress.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Parents of 164 children age 3-7 years with an ADHD diagnosis participated in a randomized controlled trial comparing the New Forest Parenting Programme and treatment as usual. Measures of HRQoL, ADHD, parent efficacy, and family stress were completed at baseline, posttreatment, and 36-week follow-up. Child baseline HRQoL was compared with 2 general population-based reference groups. PT effects were analyzed using linear models and mediation analyses.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Preschoolers with ADHD had lower HRQoL than the reference groups. The New Forest Parenting Programme, but not treatment as usual, was associated with improvement in psychosocial HRQoL at posttreatment (change 2.28, 95% CI [0.78, 3.77]) and at 36-week follow-up (change 2.05, 95% CI [0.56, 3.54]). This difference between treatment arms was not statistically significant. Parent efficacy and family stress scores at posttreatment significantly mediated improvements in HRQoL at 36-week follow-up; ADHD scores at posttreatment did not.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('ADHD negatively impacts HRQoL in early childhood. PT for ADHD has the potential to improve HRQoL independently of its effects on ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'}), StringElement(""A Controlled Study of Parent Training in the Treatment of ADHD in Young Children (D'SNAPP); http://clinicaltrial.gov/; NCT01684644."", attributes={'Label': 'CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION INFORMATION'})]"36029728,Cognitive deficit in adults with ADHD lies in the cognitive state disorder rather than the working memory deficit: A functional near-infrared spectroscopy study.,[],"['Yaojin Li', 'Jianwen Chen', 'Xintong Zheng', 'Jianxiu Liu', 'Cong Peng', 'Youguo Liao', 'Yan Liu']","['This study tested whether cognitive deficit in patients with adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a working memory deficit or cognitive state disorder during the N-back task. Twenty-two adults with ADHD and twenty-four healthy controls participated in the N-back task. The functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) was combined with three perspectives from behavioral and spatial and temporal activation characteristics of blood oxygen levels in the prefrontal cortex to examine the psychological and neuroprocessing characteristics of adult ADHD. Data were acquired using a block design during an N-back task with three memory loads. Visual stimuli were presented on a computer monitor. Behaviorally, response time and accuracy showed no significant differences between the two groups. Spatially, in the left orbitofrontal area and the left frontopolar area (Channels 4 and 11), adult ADHD had significantly higher activation levels of oxyHb in the 2-back task and lower activation levels of deoxyHb in the 3-back task than healthy controls (corrected p\xa0<\xa00.05). Therefore, Channel 4 in the 2-back condition and Channel 11 in the 3-back condition were used as the regions of interest (ROI). Temporally, adults with ADHD peaked earlier in the ROIs than healthy controls. Furthermore, working memory deficit was not found directly from the behavioral performance in adult ADHD. However, adult ADHD can be affected by memory load, task duration, and novelty stimulus. Our findings suggest that patients with adult ADHD have cognitive state disorder instead of working memory deficit.']"28433093,Impact of a Common Genetic Variation Associated With Putamen Volume on Neural Mechanisms of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'putamen', 'response control', 'reward anticipation', 'rs945270']","['Bing Xu', 'Tianye Jia', 'Christine Macare', 'Tobias Banaschewski', 'Arun L W Bokde', 'Uli Bromberg', 'Christian Büchel', 'Anna Cattrell', 'Patricia J Conrod', 'Herta Flor', 'Vincent Frouin', 'Jürgen Gallinat', 'Hugh Garavan', 'Penny Gowland', 'Andreas Heinz', 'Bernd Ittermann', 'Jean-Luc Martinot', 'Marie-Laure Paillère Martinot', 'Frauke Nees', 'Dimitri Papadopoulos Orfanos', 'Tomáš Paus', 'Luise Poustka', 'Michael N Smolka', 'Henrik Walter', 'Robert Whelan', 'Gunter Schumann', 'Sylvane Desrivières']","[StringElement('In a recent genomewide association study of subcortical brain volumes, a common genetic variation at rs945270 was identified as having the strongest effect on\xa0putamen volume, a brain measurement linked to familial risk for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). To determine whether rs945270 might be a genetic determinant of ADHD, its effects on ADHD-related symptoms and neural mechanisms of ADHD, such as response inhibition and reward sensitivity, were explored.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A large population sample of 1,834 14-year-old adolescents was used to test the effects of rs945270 on ADHD symptoms assessed through the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire and region-of-interest analyses of putamen activation by functional magnetic resonance imaging using the stop signal and monetary incentive delay tasks, assessing response inhibition and reward sensitivity, respectively.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('There was a significant link between rs945270 and ADHD symptom scores, with the C allele associated with lower symptom scores, most notably hyperactivity. In addition, there were sex-specific effects of this variant on the brain. In boys, the C allele was associated with lower putamen activity during successful response inhibition, a brain response that was not associated with\xa0ADHD symptoms. In girls, putamen activation during reward anticipation increased with the number of C\xa0alleles, most significantly in the right putamen. Remarkably, right putamen activation during reward anticipation tended to negatively correlate with ADHD symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('These results indicate that rs945270 might contribute to the genetic risk of ADHD partly through its\xa0effects on hyperactivity and reward processing in girls.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34411767,"Inhibitory control in youth with Tourette's Disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and their combination and predictors of objective tic suppressibility.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Children and adolescents', 'Inhibitory control', 'Tic disorder', 'Tic suppression']","['Alexandra Sturm', 'Emily J Ricketts', 'Joseph F McGuire', 'Juliette Lerner', 'SoJeong Lee', 'Sandra K Loo', 'James J McGough', 'Susanna Chang', 'Douglas W Woods', 'James McCracken', 'John Piacentini']","[""The present study investigated inhibitory control deficits in Tourette's Disorder (TD)-only, Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)-only, and TD+ADHD and explored the degree to which measures of inhibitory control, and tic and ADHD severity predicted objective tic suppressibility. Participants were youth ages 9 to 14 (M\xa0=\xa011.15) with TD-only (n\xa0=\xa024), TD+ADHD (n\xa0=\xa019), ADHD-only (n\xa0=\xa0139), and typically-developing controls (n\xa0=\xa059) drawn from a larger study. Groups were compared on computer-based and paper and pencil neurocognitive inhibitory control tasks. Among youth with TD, neurocognitive measures of inhibitory control, subjective tic-suppressibility (Premonitory Urge for Tics Scale, item 10), and ADHD symptom severity were evaluated as predictors of objective tic suppressibility (i.e., laboratory-based tic suppression task), controlling for total tic severity. There were significant group differences on Color-Word inhibition/switching performance, though post-hoc comparisons yielded no significant pairwise group contrasts. Subjective tic suppressibility was the only significant predictor of objective tic suppressibility. The evident intact neurocognitive inhibitory control among youth with TD suggests that individuals with TD may use compensatory neural mechanisms to support typical speed and accuracy of response. The role of cognitive flexibility in mechanisms of tic suppression should also be further explored.""]"30535156,Sibling Recurrence Risk and Cross-aggregation of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Autism Spectrum Disorder.,[],"['Meghan Miller', 'Erica D Musser', 'Gregory S Young', 'Brent Olson', 'Robert D Steiner', 'Joel T Nigg']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) are believed to partially share genetic factors and biological influences. As the number of children with these diagnoses rises, so does the number of younger siblings at presumed risk for ADHD and ASD; reliable recurrence risk estimates within and across diagnoses may aid screening and early detection efforts and enhance understanding of potential shared causes.', attributes={'Label': 'Importance'}), StringElement('To examine within-diagnosis sibling recurrence risk and sibling cross-aggregation of ADHD and ASD among later-born siblings of children with either disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'Objective'}), StringElement('Using data extracted from medical records of 2 large health care systems in the United States, estimates of recurrence risk and cross-aggregation in later-born siblings of children with ADHD or ASD were compared with later-born siblings of children without these diagnoses. One data set included children seen between January 1, 1995, and December 31, 2013; the other included children born between January 1, 1998, and May 17, 2010. Participants included 15\u202f175 later-born siblings of children with ADHD, ASD, and no known diagnosis. The study was conducted from October 2, 2017, to August 14, 2018.', attributes={'Label': 'Design, Setting, and Participants'}), StringElement('Diagnoses of ASD or ADHD in the later-born sibling, ascertained from medical records, were the primary outcomes of interest; moderators included sex, gestational age, and maternal age.', attributes={'Label': 'Main Outcomes and Measures'}), StringElement(""A total of 15\u202f175 later-born siblings were classified by familial risk status based on the older child's diagnostic status: ADHD risk (n\u2009=\u2009730; male [51.92%]), ASD risk (n\u2009=\u2009158; male [48.10%]), and no known risk (n\u2009=\u200914 287; male [50.73%]). Compared with later-born siblings of children without ADHD or ASD, later-born siblings of children with ASD were more likely to be diagnosed with ASD (odds ratio [OR], 30.38; 95% CI, 17.73-52.06) or ADHD in the absence of ASD (OR, 3.70; 95% CI, 1.67-8.21). Compared with later-born siblings of children without a diagnosis, later-born siblings of children with ADHD were more likely to be diagnosed with ADHD (OR, 13.05; 95% CI, 9.86-17.27) or ASD in the absence of ADHD (OR, 4.35; 95% CI, 2.43-7.79)."", attributes={'Label': 'Results'}), StringElement('Later-born siblings of children with ASD or ADHD appear to be at elevated risk for the same disorder, but also of being diagnosed with the other disorder. These findings provide further support for shared familial mechanisms underlying ASD and ADHD, which may be useful for genetic and prospective developmental studies. Later-born siblings of children with ADHD or ASD should be monitored for both conditions.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions and Relevance'})]"25411986,"Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), substance use disorders, and criminality: a difficult problem with complex solutions.",[],"['Carlos Knecht', 'Raquel de Alvaro', 'Jose Martinez-Raga', 'Vicent Balanza-Martinez']","['The association between attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and criminality has been increasingly recognized as an important societal concern. Studies conducted in different settings have revealed high rates of ADHD among adolescent offenders. The risk for criminal behavior among individuals with ADHD is increased when there is psychiatric comorbidity, particularly conduct disorder and substance use disorder. In the present report, it is aimed to systematically review the literature on the epidemiological, neurobiological, and other risk factors contributing to this association, as well as the key aspects of the assessment, diagnosis, and treatment of ADHD among offenders. A systematic literature search of electronic databases (PubMed, EMBASE, and PsycINFO) was conducted to identify potentially relevant studies published in English, in peer-reviewed journals. Studies conducted in various settings within the judicial system and in many different countries suggest that the rate of adolescent and adult inmates with ADHD far exceeds that reported in the general population; however, underdiagnosis is common. Similarly, follow-up studies of children with ADHD have revealed high rates of criminal behaviors, arrests, convictions, and imprisonment in adolescence and adulthood. Assessment of ADHD and comorbid condition requires an ongoing and careful process. When treating offenders or inmates with ADHD, who commonly present other comorbid psychiatric disorder complex, comprehensive and tailored interventions, combining pharmacological and psychosocial strategies are likely to be needed. ']"31585236,Low hair cortisol concentration predicts the development of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Hair cortisol concentration', 'Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis dysregulation', 'Longitudinal study', 'Preschool age', 'School-age']","['Ursula Pauli-Pott', 'Susan Schloß', 'Nadine Skoluda', 'Urs M Nater', 'Katja Becker']","[StringElement('Low activity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis (HPAA) resulting from genetic and early environmental factors has been thought to indicate risk for the development of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and externalizing disorders. However, longitudinal research on this issue is scarce. We analyzed whether hair cortisol concentration (HCC), i.e. accumulated long-term HPAA activity, predicts the development of ADHD between preschool and school age.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A community-based sample of 126 children was assessed at the ages of 4, 5 and 8 years. ADHD and symptoms of oppositional defiant and conduct disorder (ODD/CD), callous unemotional (CU) traits, and internalizing symptoms were measured by clinical parent interviews and parent and teacher questionnaires. HCC was analyzed in the most proximal 3-cm scalp hair segment using luminescence immunoassay.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Low HCC at preschool age predicted an increase in ADHD symptoms between preschool and school age while adjusting for gender of child, maternal education level, and internalizing symptoms (F<sub>(1,119)</sub>\u202f=\u202f6.5; p\u202f=\u202f.012). The prediction held after additionally adjusting for ODD/CD symptoms and CU traits (F<sub>(1,116)</sub>\u202f=\u202f4.1; p\u202f=\u202f.045). The same was true for the prediction of the ADHD diagnosis at the age of 8 years (Chi<sup>2</sup><sub>(1)</sub>\u202f=\u202f7.3; p\u202f=\u202f.007). The prediction of ADHD was mainly based on the presentation of inattention symptoms (F<sub>(1,119)</sub>\u202f=\u202f7.4, p\u202f=\u202f.008).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Low HCC in preschool children indicates an increased risk of developing ADHD at school age. In future research, it would be of theoretical and clinical importance to further circumscribe this HCC-related developmental pathway and track its further course of development.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34488920,Reduced Error Recognition Explains Post-Error Slowing Differences among Children with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Adaptive control', 'Attention orienting', 'Error monitoring', 'Executive functions', 'Post-novelty slowing']","['Anne B Arnett', 'Candace Rhoads', 'Tara M Rutter']","[StringElement('Youth with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) often show reduced post-error slowing (PES) compared to typically developing controls. This finding has been interpreted as evidence that children with ADHD have error recognition and adaptive control impairments. However, several studies report mixed results regarding PES differences in ADHD, and among healthy controls, there is considerable debate about the cognitive-behavioral origin of PES.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We tested competing hypotheses aimed at clarifying whether reduced PES in children with ADHD is due to impaired error detection, deficits in adaptive control, and/or attention orienting to novelty. Children aged 7-11 years with a diagnosis of ADHD (<i>n</i> = 74) and controls (<i>n</i> = 30) completed four laboratory-based computer tasks with variable cognitive loads and error types.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('ADHD diagnosis was associated with shorter PES only on a task with high cognitive load and low error-cuing, consistent with impaired error recognition. In contrast, there was no evidence of impaired adaptive control or heightened novelty orienting among children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The cognitive-behavioral origin of PES is multifactorial, but reduced PES among children with an ADHD diagnosis is due to impaired error recognition during cognitively demanding tasks. Behavioral interventions that scaffold error recognition may facilitate improved performance among children with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"28921526,Parsing heterogeneity in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder using EEG-based subgroups.,"['\nADHD\n', 'Electrophysiology', 'latent class analysis', 'resting state']","['Sandra K Loo', 'James J McGough', 'James T McCracken', 'Susan L Smalley']","[StringElement('Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a heterogeneous condition for which multiple efforts to characterize brain state differences are underway. The objective of this study was to identify distinct subgroups of resting electroencephalography (EEG) profiles among children with and without ADHD and subsequently provide extensive clinical characterization of the subgroups.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Latent class analysis was used with resting state EEG recorded from a large sample of 781 children with and without ADHD (N\xa0=\xa0620 ADHD, N\xa0=\xa0161 Control), aged 6-18\xa0years old. Behavioral and cognitive characteristics of the latent classes were derived from semistructured diagnostic interviews, parent completed behavior rating scales, and cognitive test performance.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('A five-class solution was the best fit for the data, of which four classes had a defining spectral power elevation. The distribution of ADHD and control subjects was similar across classes suggesting there is no one resting state EEG profile for children with or without ADHD. Specific latent classes demonstrated distinct behavioral and cognitive profiles. Those with elevated slow-wave activity (i.e. delta and theta band) had higher levels of externalizing behaviors and cognitive deficits. Latent subgroups with elevated alpha and beta power had higher levels of internalizing behaviors, emotion dysregulation, and intact cognitive functioning.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('There is population-level heterogeneity in resting state EEG subgroups, which are associated with distinct behavioral and cognitive profiles. EEG measures may be more useful biomarkers of ADHD outcome or treatment response rather than diagnosis.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"29845609,"International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health Core Sets for cerebral palsy, autism spectrum disorder, and attention-deficit-hyperactivity disorder.",[],"['Verónica Schiariti', 'Soheil Mahdi', 'Sven Bölte']","[StringElement('Capturing functional information is crucial in childhood disability. The International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF) Core Sets promote assessments of functional abilities and disabilities in clinical practice regarding circumscribed diagnoses. However, the specificity of ICF Core Sets for childhood-onset disabilities has been doubted. This study aimed to identify content commonalities and differences among the ICF Core Sets for cerebral palsy (CP), and the newly developed Core Sets for autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).', attributes={'Label': 'AIM'}), StringElement('The categories within each Core Set were aggregated at the ICF component and chapter levels. Content comparison was conducted using descriptive analyses.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('The activities and participation component of the ICF was the most covered across all Core Sets. Main differences included representation of ICF components and coverage of ICF chapters within each component. CP included all ICF components, while ADHD and ASD predominantly focused on activities and participation. Environmental factors were highly represented in the ADHD Core Sets (40.5%) compared to the ASD (28%) and CP (27%) Core Sets.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health Core Sets for CP, ASD, and ADHD capture both common but also unique functional information, showing the importance of creating condition-specific, ICF-based tools to build functional profiles of individuals with childhood-onset disabilities.', attributes={'Label': 'INTERPRETATION'}), StringElement('The International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF) Core Sets for cerebral palsy (CP), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and attention-deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) include unique functional information. The ICF-based tools for CP, ASD, and ADHD differ in terms of representation and coverage of ICF components and ICF chapters. Representation of environmental factors uniquely influences functioning and disability across ICF Core Sets for CP, ASD and ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'WHAT THIS PAPER ADDS'})]"26502205,Bifactor latent structure of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)/oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) symptoms and first-order latent structure of sluggish cognitive tempo symptoms.,[],"['SoYean Lee', 'G Leonard Burns', 'Theodore P Beauchaine', 'Stephen P Becker']","[""The objective was to determine if the latent structure of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and oppositional defiant disorder (ODD) symptoms is best explained by a general disruptive behavior factor along with specific inattention (IN), hyperactivity/impulsivity (HI), and ODD factors (a bifactor model) whereas the latent structure of sluggish cognitive tempo (SCT) symptoms is best explained by a first-order factor independent of the bifactor model of ADHD/ODD. Parents' (n = 703) and teachers' (n = 366) ratings of SCT, ADHD-IN, ADHD-HI, and ODD symptoms on the Child and Adolescent Disruptive Behavior Inventory (CADBI) in a community sample of children (ages 5-13; 55% girls) were used to evaluate 4 models of symptom organization. Results indicated that a bifactor model of ADHD/ODD symptoms, in conjunction with a separate first-order SCT factor, was the best model for both parent and teacher ratings. The first-order SCT factor showed discriminant validity with the general disruptive behavior and specific IN factors in the bifactor model. In addition, higher scores on the SCT factor predicted greater academic and social impairment, even after controlling for the general disruptive behavior and 3 specific factors. Consistent with predictions from the trait-impulsivity etiological model of externalizing liability, a single, general disruptive behavior factor accounted for nearly all common variance in ADHD/ODD symptoms, whereas SCT symptoms represented a factor different from the general disruptive behavior and specific IN factor. These results provide additional support for distinguishing between SCT and ADHD-IN. The study also demonstrates how etiological models can be used to predict specific latent structures of symptom organization. (PsycINFO Database Record""]"32093503,Stimulant prescribing for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): what guides clinicians in their choice of an upper limit for dose titration?,"['ADHD', 'maximum dose of stimulant', 'prescribing regulations', 'stimulant dose restrictions', 'survey of prescribing practices']","['Alison S Poulton', 'Roger Paterson']","[StringElement(""There is little evidence to support the current stimulant dose upper limit restrictions in the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Within Australasia, there is inconsistency in dose maxima in different jurisdictions. Clinician experience in this area may be worth gauging when trying to improve the understanding of optimal maximal dosing. Our objective was to survey prescribers' experience of whether the current stimulant maximum doses ever conflict with dose optimisation and how such conflicts are managed."", attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('We conducted an anonymous online survey of health professionals treating children, adolescents and adults with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD'}), StringElement('Responses were received from 128 prescribers, mainly paediatricians (52%) and adult psychiatrists (39%). The designated maximum dose of stimulant was a constraint to dose optimisation experienced by 91% for the Product Information maxima and 82% for their respective state/territory regulations maxima. When clinically indicated, 72% would exceed the designated maxima, either with or without obtaining a second opinion or applying for special authority. Of the remaining 28%, the majority (16%) would opt for polypharmacy, with only two accepting a suboptimal dose.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The current stimulant dose maxima act as a constraint to stimulant dose optimisation and may promote undertreatment and polypharmacy.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"34385491,Co-morbidity of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder among children with seizure disorders at University of Gondar referral hospital Ethiopia (2016).,[],"['Haregewoin Mulat', 'Niguse Yegezaw', 'Tewodros Eyasu']","['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is a disorder in which a person is unable to control behavior due to difficulty in processing neural stimuli, accompanied by an extremely high level of motor activity. The prevalence is much higher ranging from 8 to 77% among children with seizure disorders than in the general population. When attention deficit hyperactivity disorder presents in children with seizure disorder, it makes the treatment complicated and the prognosis poor. Hence, understanding the magnitude of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and associated factors would be important to have a policy intention towards these people and to design appropriate interventions. Therefore, the current study was conducted to determine the comorbidity of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and associated factors in children with seizure disorders. A hospital-based cross-sectional study was conducted by taking 260 children who have follow ups in the pediatric seizure clinic. The systematic random sampling technique was used to recruit participants. A structured, pretested and interviewer-administered questionnaire which included questions on associated factors and standard disruptive behavioral disorder rating scale was used to collect data. Data were coded, entered and cleaned by using the Epi-Data version 3.1 and exported to SPSS version 20 for further analysis. The multivariate binary logistic regression was used to check the association between independent and dependent variables. Variables with significant associations were identified based on adjusted odds ratio, with a 95% CI and p-value of <\u20090.05 will be considered as statistically significant. The prevalence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder among epileptic children was found to be 115 (44.2%),with a confidence interval of (38.1-50.5),out of which only 3 (2.6%) were detected as having mental health problems by the clinician. The predominant subtype was inattentive type 96 (61.1%). Factors significantly associated with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder were male sex (AOR\u2009=\u20092.70 CI 1.46-4.97), family history of seizure disorder (AOR\u2009=\u20092.42 CI 1.26-4.65), family history of mental illnesses (AOR\u2009=\u20094.14 CI 1.76-9.68), sudden onset of the seizure (AOR\u2009=\u20092.37 CI 1.32-4.27), and uncontrolled seizure (AOR\u2009=\u20092.55 CI 1.41-4.61). Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder was common among children with seizure disorders in the study area. Male sex, sudden onsets of seizure, family history of seizure, and that of other psychiatric disorders as well as uncontrolled seizures were factors that increased the odds of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Therefore, interventions that would address such factors would help to overcome further complications.']"34237232,The relationship between theory of mind and sluggish cognitive tempo in school-age children with attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder.,"['affective theory of mind', 'attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder', 'children', 'cognitive theory of mind', 'sluggish cognitive tempo', 'theory of mind']","['Doga Sevincok', 'Sibelnur Avcil', 'Mutlu M Ozbek']","['Sluggish cognitive tempo (SCT) is considered as a cognitive-emotional style. Theory of mind (ToM) skills form the basis of human cognition and social behavior. The aim of this study is to contribute to SCT literature by examining the relationship between SCT and cognitive and affective ToM in school-age children with attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Fifty school-age children with ADHD (43 boys and seven girls) and 40 typically developing children (34 boys and six girls) were assessed using Parent-rated Barkley Child Attention Scale and Child Behavior Checklist/6-18, cognitive (first- and second-order ToM) and affective ToM (Reading Mind in the Eyes Test and Unexpected Outcomes Test (UOT)) tests. Multiple linear regression analysis was performed to determine the variables that may predict SCT levels in children with ADHD. Attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder-inattention (Exp(B) = .334, <i>p</i> = .027), internalization (Exp(B) = .305, <i>p</i> = .006), and UOT scores (Exp(B) = .933, <i>p</i> = .015) significantly predicted SCT severity in children with ADHD. SCT severity was significantly associated with impaired cognitive ToM skills as measured by second-order ToM (Exp(B) = 1.933, <i>p</i> = .045). Our findings may indicate that affective ToM developing with age, and impaired cognitive ToM skills are associated with increasing SCT severity.']"31698258,Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in adults with epilepsy.,"['Adults', 'Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Epilepsy', 'Seizure']","['Nahid Ashjazadeh', 'Ali Sahraeian', 'Iman Sabzgolin', 'Ali A Asadi-Pooya']","[StringElement('We investigated the prevalence of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adult people with epilepsy (PWE). We hypothesized that ADHD is common among adult PWE and, some clinical factors may be associated with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE'}), StringElement(""In this cross-sectional study, 200 adult PWE referred to our neurology clinic at Shiraz, Iran were recruited (consecutively sampled). Validated Persian versions of Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS v1.1) and Addenbrooke's Cognitive Examination-Revised (ACE-R) tests were used. We performed univariate analyses and also a logistic regression analysis."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Eighty-two patients (41%) were male, and 118 (59%) were female. Seventy patients (35%) had a positive screen for ADHD. There was a significant association between cognitive function and the prevalence of positive screening for ADHD in the whole group; 19 (18%) of the patients with a normal cognition, 23 (42%) of those with mild impairment, and 28 (70%) of those with severe cognitive impairment screened positive for ADHD (p\u202f=\u202f0.0001). One hundred and five patients had normal cognition and were studied separately. Nineteen patients (18%) had screened positive for ADHD. Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder was not associated with any of the tested variables in these patients.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('About one-fifth of adults with epilepsy and normal cognitive function may have a positive screen for ADHD. Routine screening of all PWE for early detection and appropriate management of ADHD would be a reasonable approach.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"29527757,Disturbed sleep and activity in toddlers with early signs of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).,"['ADHD traits', 'behavioural difficulties', 'nightly variations', 'objective actigraphy', 'parent reports', 'sleep pattern']","['Anne-Katrine F Bundgaard', 'Jette Asmussen', 'Nadia S Pedersen', 'Niels Bilenberg']","[""This study investigated whether early signs of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in toddlers aged 2-3\xa0years are associated with disturbed sleep and activity levels. Participants were recruited from the Odense Child Cohort, and children scoring above the 93<sup>rd</sup> percentile on the ADHD scale of the Child Behaviour Checklist 1½-5 were categorised as cases and compared with age- and gender-matched normal-scoring controls. Daytime and nocturnal activity for 24 children with ADHD traits (cases) and 25 healthy controls was assessed through 7\xa0days of actigraphy, and parents completed the Children's Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ) and the ADHD Rating Scale IV Preschool Version (ADHD-RS). Cases differed significantly on actigraphic parameters by having fewer minutes of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA), prolonged total sleep time, fewer sleep interruptions, and increased night-to-night variability. A significant association was found between fewer minutes of MVPA and higher parent-reported motor activity on the ADHD-RS. Furthermore, increased night-to-night variability was significantly associated with higher total scores on both CSHQ and ADHD-RS. The findings show that early signs of ADHD are associated with an irregular sleep pattern and lower daytime activity, as illustrated by actigraphy. Studies investigating early ADHD risk factors could lead to a preschool ADHD risk index to help guide future early intervention.""]"35524181,The electroretinogram b-wave amplitude: a differential physiological measure for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Autism Spectrum Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'ASD', 'Differentiation', 'Electroretinogram', 'GABA', 'Glutamate', 'Neurotransmission Imbalance', 'Physiological Marker']","['Irene O Lee', 'David H Skuse', 'Paul A Constable', 'Fernando Marmolejo-Ramos', 'Ludvig R Olsen', 'Dorothy A Thompson']","[StringElement('Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is the most prevalent childhood neurodevelopmental disorder. It shares some genetic risk with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD), and the conditions often occur together. Both are potentially associated with abnormal glutamate and GABA neurotransmission, which can be modelled by measuring the synaptic activity in the retina with an electroretinogram (ERG). Reduction of retinal responses in ASD has been reported, but little is known about retinal activity in ADHD. In this study, we compared the light-adapted ERGs of individuals with ADHD, ASD and controls to investigate whether retinal responses differ between these neurodevelopmental conditions.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('Full field light-adapted ERGs were recorded from 15 ADHD, 57 ASD (without ADHD) and 59 control participants, aged from 5.4 to 27.3 years old. A Troland protocol was used with a random series of nine flash strengths from -0.367 to 1.204 log photopic cd.s.m<sup>-2</sup>. The time-to-peak and amplitude of the a- and b-waves and the parameters of the Photopic Negative Response (PhNR) were compared amongst the three groups of participants, using generalised estimating equations.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Statistically significant elevations of the ERG b-wave amplitudes, PhNR responses and faster timings of the b-wave time-to-peak were found in those with ADHD compared with both the control and ASD groups. The greatest elevation in the b-wave amplitudes associated with ADHD were observed at 1.204 log phot cd.s.m<sup>-2</sup> flash strength (p < .0001), at which the b-wave amplitude in ASD was significantly lower than that in the controls. Using this measure, ADHD could be distinguished from ASD with an area under the curve of 0.88.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('The ERG b-wave amplitude appears to be a distinctive differential feature for both ADHD and ASD, which produced a reversed pattern of b-wave responses. These findings imply imbalances between glutamate and GABA neurotransmission which primarily regulate the b-wave formation. Abnormalities in the b-wave amplitude could provisionally serve as a biomarker for both neurodevelopmental conditions.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35943003,"Comparison of Vitamin D, Neurofeedback, and Neurofeedback Combined with Vitamin D Supplementation in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'Brain waves', 'Combined treatment', 'Neurofeedback', 'Supplementation', 'Vitamin D']","['Masoud Rahmani', 'Azadeh Mahvelati', 'Amir Hossein Farajinia', 'Shima Shahyad', 'Mojtaba Khaksarian', 'Roghieh Nooripour', 'Saba Hassanvandi']","[StringElement('Nowadays, some treatments such as neurofeedback and Vitamin D Supplementation are of great importance in the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). To determine the efficacy of the combined treatment, the present trial was conducted to investigate the effectiveness of each one of them with combined neurofeedback and vitamin D supplementation in the reduction of ADHD symptom in children suffering from this disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('In this study from March 2020 to June 2020, we enrolled a total of 120 patients (6-15 years old) who were referred to the Mehr psychiatric hospital (affiliated to Lorestan University of Medical Sciences). Patients were then randomly categorized into three experimental groups and one control group. The first, the second, and the third experimental groups consumed vitamin D pearl, neurofeedback combined with vitamin D, and neurofeedback for 12 weeks, respectively. The control group was given no treatment. Vitamin D serum level was evaluated at baseline, 4, 8, and 12 weeks in all participants. For data collection, the Parent Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Rating Scale-IV (ADHD-RS-IV) was applied. The obtained information was analyzed using repeated measure variance analysis.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('The mean scores were significantly different across the groups. Repeated measure variance analysis showed that the mean score was lower in the combined group in comparison with the other three groups (<i>P</i><0.05).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Combined treatment could be considered as more effective compared to separate treatments. In addition, in this study, by applying the combined intervention, the duration of treatment decreased significantly.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"35446052,Visuospatial working memory in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: Characterizing path length and path crossings as mechanisms of impairment.,[],"['Elaine F Arrington', 'R Matt Alderson', 'Stephanie J Tarle', 'Delanie K Roberts', 'Dustin E Sarver', 'Maureen A Sullivan', 'Jordan A Gette']","[StringElement('A growing body of research provides reliable evidence of moderate to large magnitude deficits in the visuospatial (VS) working memory (WM) of children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), relative to typically developing (TD) children. Studies of ADHD-related Visuo-spatial Working Memory (VS-WM) functioning most often present sequential presentations of VS stimuli and examine general performance characteristics. Only a few studies have examined the effects of varying VS-WM task parameters on performance in children with ADHD, despite evidence from basic-cognitive research that indicates methodological heterogeneity in VS-WM task parameters yields significant performance variability that is associated with underlying mechanistic processes. This study is the first to examine the effect of the task parameters <i>path characteristics</i> and <i>path crossings</i> on performance in children with ADHD and TD children.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('School-aged children with ADHD (<i>n</i> = 50) and TD children (<i>n</i> = 59) completed a VS-WM task that varied by path lengths and path crossings.', attributes={'Label': 'METHOD', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('Multilevel analyses indicated a negative effect of relatively long paths on VS-WM performance of both TD children and children with ADHD, and a negative effect of increasing path crossings that appears to be unique to TD children and dependent on path length.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Overall, findings appear to suggest that school-aged children engage in dynamic rehearsal of VS information (i.e., mental rehearsal of path sequences), rather than static rehearsal (i.e., rehearsal of a gestalt). Moreover, ADHD-related VS-WM deficits are most likely to yield real-world impairments when information is presented with relatively long path lengths. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2022 APA, all rights reserved).', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"35131395,Altered White-matter Tract Property in Adults with Attention-deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.,"['ADHD', 'adult', 'diffusion spectrum imaging', 'hyperactivity-impulsivity', 'tract-specific analysis']","['Huey-Ling Chiang', 'Li-Kuang Yang', 'Yu-Jen Chen', 'Yung-Chin Hsu', 'Yu-Chun Lo', 'Wen-Yih Isaac Tseng', 'Susan Shur-Fen Gau']","['Although altered microstructure properties of white-matter tracts have been reported in children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), findings from relatively few adult ADHD studies are inconsistent. This study aims to examine microstructural property over the whole brain in adults with ADHD and explore structural connectivities. Sixty-four medication-naïve adults with ADHD and 81 healthy adults received diffusion spectrum imaging. Generalized fractional anisotropy (GFA), an index indicating microstructural property, was calculated stepwise among 76 white-matter tracts. With the threshold-free clustering weighted method, the segments with the largest group difference were selected, and mean GFA (mGFA) values were calculated. Adults with ADHD had increased mGFA values in the segments located in the left frontal aslant tract, the right inferior longitudinal fasciculus, and the left perpendicular fasciculus, and reduced mGFA values in the segments located in the right superior longitudinal fasciculus (SLF) I, the left SLF II, the right frontostriatal tracts from dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex, the right medial lemniscus, the right inferior thalamic radiation to the auditory cortex, and the callosal fibers. Additionally, the mGFA value of the right SLF I segment was associated with hyperactivity-impulsivity symptoms. Our findings suggest that white-matter tracts with altered microstructure properties are located within the attention networks, fronto-striato-thalamocortical regions, and those associated with attention and visual perception in adults with ADHD.']"30365404,"Cardiovascular Effects of Drugs Used to Treat Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: Part 1: Epidemiology, Pharmacology, and Impact on Hemodynamics and Ventricular Repolarization.",[],"['Thomas B Fay', 'Martin A Alpert']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a clinical syndrome characterized by persistent inattention, impulsivity, and hyperactivity. It is most commonly encountered in children and adolescents but may persist into adulthood. A variety of psychostimulant and nonpsychostimulant medications have proven to be successful in reducing inattention, impulsivity, and hyperactivity in those with ADHD. Psychostimulants used to treat ADHD include methylphenidate and related drugs and various amphetamine preparations. Non-psychostimulant medications used to treat ADHD include atomoxetine and two alpha-2 adrenergic agonists: guanfacine extended-release and clonidine extended-release. The psychostimulants and atomoxetine have been shown, on average, to increase heart rate by 3-10 beats/min, systolic blood pressure by 3-8\u2009mm Hg, and diastolic blood pressure by 2-14\u2009mm Hg. These drugs may also delay ventricular repolarization. The alpha-2 adrenergic agonists may reduce heart rate and blood pressure. For these reasons, there is concern about the safety of psychostimulant and nonpsychostimulant medications in patients with ADHD. In part 1 of this review, we discuss the epidemiology and natural history of ADHD, describe the pharmacology of drugs used to treat ADHD, and discuss in detail studies assessing the effects of ADHD drugs on blood pressure, heart or pulse rate, and electrocardiographic indices of ventricular repolarization.']"34806909,Economic burden of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder among adults in the United States: a societal perspective.,[],"['Jeff Schein', 'Lenard A Adler', 'Ann Childress', 'Patrick Gagnon-Sanschagrin', 'Mikhaïl Davidson', 'Frédéric Kinkead', 'Martin Cloutier', 'Annie Guérin', 'Patrick Lefebvre']","['<b>BACKGROUND:</b> Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is associated with substantial clinical burden as individuals transition to adulthood, including higher rates of comorbidities, mortality, incarceration, and psychiatric hospitalizations than in individuals without ADHD. These higher rates likely contribute to substantial economic burden as well. <b>OBJECTIVE:</b> To provide a comprehensive evaluation of the economic burden associated with ADHD in the US adult population. <b>METHODS:</b> Direct health care costs were obtained by using claims data from the IBM MarketScan Research Databases (January 1, 2017, through December 31, 2018). Direct non-health care costs and indirect costs were estimated on the basis of the literature and government publications. Excess costs incurred by adults with ADHD during 2018 were evaluated from a societal perspective; per-patient costs were extrapolated to the national level. <b>RESULTS:</b> An estimated 8.7 million adults live with ADHD in the United States, resulting in a total societal excess cost attributable to ADHD of $122.8 billion ($14,092 per adult). Excess costs of unemployment ($66.8 billion; 54.4%) comprised the largest proportion of the total, followed by productivity loss ($28.8 billion; 23.4%) and health care services ($14.3 billion; 11.6%). <b>CONCLUSIONS:</b> ADHD in adults is associated with substantial economic burden. <b>DISCLOSURES:</b> This study was funded by Otsuka Pharmaceutical Development & Commercialization, Inc. (Otsuka). The study sponsor contributed to and approved the study design, participated in the interpretation of data, and reviewed and approved the manuscript. Schein is an employee of Otsuka. Gagnon-Sanschagrin, Davidson, Kinkead, Cloutier, Guérin, and Lefebvre are employees of Analysis Group, Inc., a consulting company that provided paid consulting services to Otsuka to develop and conduct this study and write the manuscript. Adler has received research support from Shire/Takeda, Sunovion, and Otsuka; consulting fees from Bracket, Shire/Takeda, Sunovion, Otsuka, the State University of New York (SUNY), the National Football League (NFL), and Major League Baseball (MLB); and royalty payments (as inventor) from New York University (NYU) for license of adult ADHD scales and training materials. Childress has received research support from Allergan, Takeda/Shire, Emalex, Akili, Ironshore, Arbor, Aevi Genomic Medicine, Neos Therapeutics, Otsuka, Pfizer, Purdue, Rhodes, Sunovion, Tris, KemPharm, Supernus, and the US Food and Drug Administration; was on the advisory board of Takeda/Shire, Akili, Arbor, Cingulate, Ironshore, Neos Therapeutics, Otsuka, Pfizer, Purdue, Adlon, Rhodes, Sunovion, Tris, Supernus, and Corium; received consulting fees from Arbor, Ironshore, Neos Therapeutics, Purdue, Rhodes, Sunovion, Tris, KemPharm, Supernus, Corium, Jazz, and Tulex Pharma; received speaker fees from Takeda/Shire, Arbor, Ironshore, Neos Therapeutics, Pfizer, Tris, and Supernus; and received writing support from Takeda/Shire, Arbor, Ironshore, Neos Therapeutics, Pfizer, Purdue, Rhodes, Sunovion, and Tris. Part of the material in this study was presented as a poster at the International Society for Pharmacoeconomics and Outcomes Research (ISPOR) 2021 Virtual Meeting; May 17-20, 2021.']"34313619,Effect of Iron Supplementation in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Iron Deficiency: A Randomized Controlled Trial.,[],"['Atcha Pongpitakdamrong', 'Vilawan Chirdkiatgumchai', 'Nichara Ruangdaraganon', 'Rawiwan Roongpraiwan', 'Nongnuch Sirachainan', 'Manas Soongprasit', 'Umaporn Udomsubpayakul']","[StringElement('To determine the effectiveness of combined iron supplementation and methylphenidate treatment on attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms in children/adolescents with ADHD and iron deficiency compared with methylphenidate alone.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement(""In total, 116 children/adolescents with ADHD were screened for iron deficiency. Participants who exhibited iron deficiency were randomized into 2 groups (ferrous supplementation vs placebo). Vanderbilt ADHD rating scales were completed by parents and teachers at prestudy and poststudy periods. Student's t tests were used to determine improvements of Vanderbilt scores between the groups."", attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement(""Among 116 children who participated in this study, 44.8% (52/116) met the criteria for iron deficiency. Of the total 52 participants with iron deficiency, 26 were randomized to the ferrous group and 26 to the placebo group. Most participants in each group had been prescribed short-acting methylphenidate twice daily in the morning and at noon. After a 12-week study period, total parents' Vanderbilt ADHD symptom scores showed a significant improvement between the groups (mean decrement = -3.96 ± 6.79 vs 0 ± 6.54, p = 0.037). However, teachers' Vanderbilt ADHD symptom scores showed no difference between the groups."", attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Children with ADHD and iron deficiency being on methylphenidate and iron supplementation had shown improvement of ADHD symptoms that were reported by parents.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSION'})]"31477384,Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Perform Differently on Pediatric Concussion Assessment.,"['balance', 'baseline', 'cognition', 'mild traumatic brain injury', 'symptom reporting']","['Nathan E Cook', 'Patricia M Kelshaw', 'Shane V Caswell', 'Grant L Iverson']","[StringElement('To compare Child Sport Concussion Assessment Tool Fifth Edition (Child SCAT5) performance between uninjured children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and precisely matched controls without ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('A nested case-control study was conducted within a cohort of middle school athletes (age 11-12\xa0years) who completed preseason testing. Students with ADHD were individually matched to students without ADHD based on age, sex, language spoken at home, number of prior concussions, sport, and school they attended. The final sample included 54 students (27 with ADHD and 27 controls), 38 (70.4%) boys and 16 (29.6%) girls (average age: 11.7\xa0years, SD\xa0=\xa00.5).', attributes={'Label': 'STUDY DESIGN'}), StringElement('Children with ADHD reported more symptoms (M\xa0=\xa013.33, SD\xa0=\xa05.69, P\xa0<\xa0.001) and greater symptom severity (M\xa0=\xa022.59, SD\xa0=\xa01 1.60, P\xa0<\xa0.001) compared with controls (total symptoms: M\xa0=\xa06.44, SD\xa0=\xa04.96; symptom severity: M\xa0=\xa08.04, SD\xa0=\xa06.36). Children with ADHD performed similarly to controls on the Child SCAT5 cognitive tests. Children with ADHD committed 3 times as many total balance errors (median\xa0=\xa06) than children without ADHD (median\xa0=\xa02) and committed twice as many errors on single leg stance (ADHD median\xa0=\xa04; No ADHD median\xa0=\xa02) (P values < .001).', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Children with ADHD endorsed more concussion-like symptoms and performed worse on balance testing during preseason Child SCAT5 assessment compared with matched controls without ADHD. These findings highlight the challenges of interpreting Child SCAT5 performance in children with ADHD following a concussion or suspected concussion and illustrate the value of administering the measure to children to document their pre-injury performance.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"34181360,"A Phase 3, Placebo-Controlled Trial of Once-Daily Viloxazine Extended-Release Capsules in Adolescents With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.",[],"['Azmi Nasser', 'Tesfaye Liranso', 'Toyin Adewole', 'Nicholas Fry', 'Joseph T Hull', 'Gregory D Busse', 'Fatima Chowdhry', 'Andrew J Cutler', 'Nandita Joshi Jones', 'Robert L Findling', 'Stefan Schwabe']","[StringElement('This phase 3 clinical trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of viloxazine extended-release capsules (VLX-ER) as a monotherapy for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adolescents (12-17 years).', attributes={'Label': 'PURPOSE', 'NlmCategory': 'OBJECTIVE'}), StringElement('Eligible subjects (n = 310) were randomized to receive once-daily 200 and 400 mg VLX-ER, or placebo for 6 weeks. The primary efficacy end point was change from baseline (CFB) at the end of study (EOS) in ADHD Rating Scale-5 Total score. Key secondary end points were Clinical Global Impression-Improvement score at EOS, CFB at EOS in Conners 3-Parent Short Form Composite T-score, and CFB at EOS in Weiss Functional Impairment Rating Scale-Parent Total average score.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS', 'NlmCategory': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('In the 200-mg/d and 400-mg/d VLX-ER treatment groups, a significant improvement was found in the CFB at EOS in ADHD Rating Scale-5 Total (P = 0.0232, P = 0.0091) and Inattention (P = 0.0424, P = 0.0390) and Hyperactivity/Impulsivity (P = 0.0069, P = 0.0005) subscale scores versus placebo. The Clinical Global Impression-Improvement score was significantly improved at EOS in the 200-mg/d and 400-mg/d VLX-ER groups versus placebo (P = 0.0042, P = 0.0003). The Conners 3-Parent Short Form composite T-score and Weiss Functional Impairment Rating Scale-Parent Total average score exhibited improvement in both VLX-ER groups; however, the difference versus placebo was not statistically significant. The most common treatment-related adverse events were somnolence, headache, decreased appetite, nausea, and fatigue. The adverse event-related discontinuation rates were <5% in all groups.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS', 'NlmCategory': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Viloxazine extended-release demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in ADHD symptoms in adolescents and was generally well tolerated.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS', 'NlmCategory': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]"31028843,Increased serum thioredoxin levels are not correlated with executive functions in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.,"['Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'Executive function', 'Oxidative stress', 'Thioredoxin']","['Esra Guney', 'Dicle Buyuktaskin', 'Yasemin Tas Torun', 'Burak Arslan', 'Ozlem Gulbahar', 'Ahmet Ozaslan', 'Yasemen Isik Taner', 'Elvan Iseri']","['The first step of this study aims to determine whether thioredoxin (Trx) has a potential role in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) by measuring serum Trx levels in children with ADHD. In the second step, this study aims to reveal whether there is any relationship between Trx and executive functions. This is the first study investigating the serum levels of Trx in children with ADHD. This study sample included 45 patients diagnosed with ADHD and 30 healthy controls. Conners Teacher Rating Scale (CTRS) and Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF) are used to evaluate ADHD presentation, severity and executive functions, respectively. Trx levels were measured using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) kit. Significantly higher Trx levels were found in children with ADHD. No significant correlations were found between serum Trx levels and executive functions for controls or ADHD group; although hyperactive/impulsive ADHD presentation showed positive correlations with some subdomains of executive function. Serum Trx levels and disease severity, measured by CTRS, showed non-significant correlations. This study may be the first step in the study of the role played by Trx and oxidative stress in ADHD, further research is needed to support these preliminary findings.']"30350094,Oxidative stress and immune aberrancies in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): a case-control comparison.,"['ADHD', 'Antioxidants', 'Diet', 'Immunity', 'Oxidative stress']","['Annelies A J Verlaet', 'Annelies Breynaert', 'Berten Ceulemans', 'Tess De Bruyne', 'Erik Fransen', 'Luc Pieters', 'Huub F J Savelkoul', 'Nina Hermans']","[""The objective of this study is to compare oxidative stress and immune biomarkers between attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) patients and controls without ADHD. A case-control comparison between 57 paediatric (6-12\xa0years) untreated ADHD patients from the Antwerp University Hospital and 69 controls without ADHD from random schools in Flanders, Belgium, was conducted. Erythrocyte glutathione (GSH) and plasma lipid-soluble antioxidants (retinol, α-tocopherol, γ-tocopherol, retinyl palmitate, β-carotene, and co-enzyme Q10) were determined by HPLC with electrochemical detection, plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) by HPLC with fluorescence detection, plasma cytokines (interleukin (IL)-1β, IL-5, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, tumour necrosis factor (TNF) and interferon (INF)-γ) and immunoglobulins (IgE, IgG and IgM) by flow cytometry and urinary 8-hydroxy-2'deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) levels by ELISA assay. Dietary habits were determined by a food frequency questionnaire. Plasma MDA levels were on average 0.031\xa0µM higher in patients than in controls (p\u2009<\u20090.05), and a trend for higher urinary 8-OHdG was observed. Erythrocyte GSH and plasma retinyl palmitate levels, as well as IgG and IgE levels, were higher in patients than in controls as well (on average 93.707\xa0µg/ml, 0.006\xa0µg/ml, 301.555\xa0µg/ml and 125.004\xa0µg/ml, resp., p\u2009<\u20090.05). Finally, a trend for lower plasma IL-5 levels was observed. After Bonferroni correction for multiple testing, the difference in GSH levels remained statistically significant (nominally significant for retinyl palmitate), while significance was lost for MDA, IgG and IgE levels. Dietary habits do not appear to cause the observed differences. These results point at the potential involvement of slight oxidative stress and immune disturbances in ADHD.""]"31479410,"Lifestyle factors, diet and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in Spanish children - an observational study.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder', 'breastfeeding', 'children', 'delivery', 'diet', 'exercise', 'sleep', 'technology']","['Ismael San Mauro Martin', 'Sara Sanz Rojo', 'Elena Garicano Vilar', 'Lourdes González Cosano', 'Raquel Conty de la Campa', 'Javier Andrés Blumenfeld Olivares']","['<b>Background:</b> The aetiology of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) continues to be debated, although several contributing factors have been acknowledged.<b>Objective:</b> Assess the association between weight, birth attributes, exercise and sleep habits, dietary intake and adherence to a Mediterranean diet, and impulsive behaviour on Spanish ADHD children. Establish whether specific food groups (not just adherence to the Mediterranean diet) associate with impulsive behaviour.<b>Methods:</b> This observational cross-sectional study included 57 ADHD children from Madrid (Spain). Demographic, clinical data, sleep, exercise and technology-use habits were obtained. Anthropometric measurements included height and weight. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet was assessed using the KIDMED test. Barratt Impulsivity Scale version-11c was used to assess impulsivity. Subjects were divided into three groups for analysis, according to their age (6-10 years, children; 11-13 years, pre-adolescents; 14-16 years, adolescents).<b>Results:</b> There were clear associations between those who had higher BIS scores and who slept less at weekends (49.4 ± 10.16 vs. 43.8 ± 12.51), who adhered poorly to the Mediterranean diet (49.9 ± 11.72 vs. 41.6 ± 16.52), who used internet and technological devices for >3 h/day (45.5 ± 13.6 vs. 44.7 ± 12.11), who were born with >2.5 kg (46.1 ± 11.61 vs. 42.9 ± 15.29), who were delivered by caesarean (45.1 ± 12.78 vs. 44.7 ± 12.5) and who were not breastfed (45.0 ± 13.38 vs. 44.8 ± 12.39). Subjects exercising more than 3 days a week also scored slightly higher (45.4±14.02 vs. 44.6±11.85) in the BIS.<b>Conclusion:</b> There is a need to follow up the link between ADHD and sleep onset difficulties, dietary patterns, technological habits, perinatal factors, breastfeeding and birth delivery mode.']"