PMID,title,keywords,authors,abstract,score
33549739,The World Federation of ADHD International Consensus Statement: 208 Evidence-based conclusions about the disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Brain', 'Course', 'Diagnosis', 'Genetics', 'Outcome', 'Treatment']","['Stephen V Faraone', 'Tobias Banaschewski', 'David Coghill', 'Yi Zheng', 'Joseph Biederman', 'Mark A Bellgrove', 'Jeffrey H Newcorn', 'Martin Gignac', 'Nouf M Al Saud', 'Iris Manor', 'Luis Augusto Rohde', 'Li Yang', 'Samuele Cortese', 'Doron Almagor', 'Mark A Stein', 'Turki H Albatti', 'Haya F Aljoudi', 'Mohammed M J Alqahtani', 'Philip Asherson', 'Lukoye Atwoli', 'Sven Bölte', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Cleo L Crunelle', 'David Daley', 'Søren Dalsgaard', 'Manfred Döpfner', 'Stacey Espinet', 'Michael Fitzgerald', 'Barbara Franke', 'Manfred Gerlach', 'Jan Haavik', 'Catharina A Hartman', 'Cynthia M Hartung', 'Stephen P Hinshaw', 'Pieter J Hoekstra', 'Chris Hollis', 'Scott H Kollins', 'J J Sandra Kooij', 'Jonna Kuntsi', 'Henrik Larsson', 'Tingyu Li', 'Jing Liu', 'Eugene Merzon', 'Gregory Mattingly', 'Paulo Mattos', 'Suzanne McCarthy', 'Amori Yee Mikami', 'Brooke S G Molina', 'Joel T Nigg', 'Diane Purper-Ouakil', 'Olayinka O Omigbodun', 'Guilherme V Polanczyk', 'Yehuda Pollak', 'Alison S Poulton', 'Ravi Philip Rajkumar', 'Andrew Reding', 'Andreas Reif', 'Katya Rubia', 'Julia Rucklidge', 'Marcel Romanos', 'J Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'Arnt Schellekens', 'Anouk Scheres', 'Renata Schoeman', 'Julie B Schweitzer', 'Henal Shah', 'Mary V Solanto', 'Edmund Sonuga-Barke', 'César Soutullo', 'Hans-Christoph Steinhausen', 'James M Swanson', 'Anita Thapar', 'Gail Tripp', 'Geurt van de Glind', 'Wim van den Brink', 'Saskia Van der Oord', 'Andre Venter', 'Benedetto Vitiello', 'Susanne Walitza', 'Yufeng Wang']","[StringElement('Misconceptions about ADHD stigmatize affected people, reduce credibility of providers, and prevent/delay treatment. To challenge misconceptions, we curated findings with strong evidence base.', attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('We reviewed studies with more than 2000 participants or meta-analyses from five or more studies or 2000 or more participants. We excluded meta-analyses that did not assess publication bias, except for meta-analyses of prevalence. For network meta-analyses we required comparison adjusted funnel plots. We excluded treatment studies with waiting-list or treatment as usual controls. From this literature, we extracted evidence-based assertions about the disorder.', attributes={'Label': 'METHODS'}), StringElement('We generated 208 empirically supported statements about ADHD. The status of the included statements as empirically supported is approved by 80 authors from 27 countries and 6 continents. The contents of the manuscript are endorsed by 366 people who have read this document and agree with its contents.', attributes={'Label': 'RESULTS'}), StringElement('Many findings in ADHD are supported by meta-analysis. These allow for firm statements about the nature, course, outcome causes, and treatments for disorders that are useful for reducing misconceptions and stigma.', attributes={'Label': 'CONCLUSIONS'})]",0.0
30195575,"Live fast, die young? A review on the developmental trajectories of ADHD across the lifespan.","['Adult-onset ADHD', 'Cognitive impairment', 'Comorbidity', 'Developmental trajectory', 'Genetics', 'Treatment']","['Barbara Franke', 'Giorgia Michelini', 'Philip Asherson', 'Tobias Banaschewski', 'Andrea Bilbow', 'Jan K Buitelaar', 'Bru Cormand', 'Stephen V Faraone', 'Ylva Ginsberg', 'Jan Haavik', 'Jonna Kuntsi', 'Henrik Larsson', 'Klaus-Peter Lesch', 'J Antoni Ramos-Quiroga', 'János M Réthelyi', 'Marta Ribases', 'Andreas Reif']","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is highly heritable and the most common neurodevelopmental disorder in childhood. In recent decades, it has been appreciated that in a substantial number of cases the disorder does not remit in puberty, but persists into adulthood. Both in childhood and adulthood, ADHD is characterised by substantial comorbidity including substance use, depression, anxiety, and accidents. However, course and symptoms of the disorder and the comorbidities may fluctuate and change over time, and even age of onset in childhood has recently been questioned. Available evidence to date is poor and largely inconsistent with regard to the predictors of persistence versus remittance. Likewise, the development of comorbid disorders cannot be foreseen early on, hampering preventive measures. These facts call for a lifespan perspective on ADHD from childhood to old age. In this selective review, we summarise current knowledge of the long-term course of ADHD, with an emphasis on clinical symptom and cognitive trajectories, treatment effects over the lifespan, and the development of comorbidities. Also, we summarise current knowledge and important unresolved issues on biological factors underlying different ADHD trajectories. We conclude that a severe lack of knowledge on lifespan aspects in ADHD still exists for nearly every aspect reviewed. We encourage large-scale research efforts to overcome those knowledge gaps through appropriately granular longitudinal studies.']",0.34057971014492755
31570648,"Clinical Practice Guideline for the Diagnosis, Evaluation, and Treatment of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Children and Adolescents.",[],"['Mark L Wolraich', 'Joseph F Hagan', 'Carla Allan', 'Eugenia Chan', 'Dale Davison', 'Marian Earls', 'Steven W Evans', 'Susan K Flinn', 'Tanya Froehlich', 'Jennifer Frost', 'Joseph R Holbrook', 'Christoph Ulrich Lehmann', 'Herschel Robert Lessin', 'Kymika Okechukwu', 'Karen L Pierce', 'Jonathan D Winner', 'William Zurhellen']","[""Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is 1 of the most common neurobehavioral disorders of childhood and can profoundly affect children's academic achievement, well-being, and social interactions. The American Academy of Pediatrics first published clinical recommendations for evaluation and diagnosis of pediatric ADHD in 2000; recommendations for treatment followed in 2001. The guidelines were revised in 2011 and published with an accompanying process of care algorithm (PoCA) providing discrete and manageable steps by which clinicians could fulfill the clinical guideline's recommendations. Since the release of the 2011 guideline, the <i>Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders</i> has been revised to the fifth edition, and new ADHD-related research has been published. These publications do not support dramatic changes to the previous recommendations. Therefore, only incremental updates have been made in this guideline revision, including the addition of a key action statement related to diagnosis and treatment of comorbid conditions in children and adolescents with ADHD. The accompanying process of care algorithm has also been updated to assist in implementing the guideline recommendations. Throughout the process of revising the guideline and algorithm, numerous systemic barriers were identified that restrict and/or hamper pediatric clinicians' ability to adopt their recommendations. Therefore, the subcommittee created a companion article (available in the Supplemental Information) on systemic barriers to the care of children and adolescents with ADHD, which identifies the major systemic-level barriers and presents recommendations to address those barriers; in this article, we support the recommendations of the clinical practice guideline and accompanying process of care algorithm.""]",0.2318840579710145
33843998,Overdiagnosis of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in Children and Adolescents: A Systematic Scoping Review.,[],"['Luise Kazda', 'Katy Bell', 'Rae Thomas', 'Kevin McGeechan', 'Rebecca Sims', 'Alexandra Barratt']","[StringElement('Reported increases in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) diagnoses are accompanied by growing debate about the underlying factors. Although overdiagnosis is often suggested, no comprehensive evaluation of evidence for or against overdiagnosis has ever been undertaken and is urgently needed to enable evidence-based, patient-centered diagnosis and treatment of ADHD in contemporary health services.', attributes={'Label': 'Importance'}), StringElement('To systematically identify, appraise, and synthesize the evidence on overdiagnosis of ADHD in children and adolescents using a published 5-question framework for detecting overdiagnosis in noncancer conditions.', attributes={'Label': 'Objective'}), StringElement('This systematic scoping review adhered to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) Extension for Scoping Reviews and Joanna Briggs Methodology, including the PRISMA-ScR Checklist. MEDLINE, Embase, PsychINFO, and the Cochrane Library databases were searched for studies published in English between January 1, 1979, and August 21, 2020. Studies of children and adolescents (aged ≤18 years) with ADHD that focused on overdiagnosis plus studies that could be mapped to 1 or more framework question were included. Two researchers independently reviewed all abstracts and full-text articles, and all included studies were assessed for quality.', attributes={'Label': 'Evidence Review'}), StringElement('Of the 12\u202f267 potentially relevant studies retrieved, 334 (2.7%) were included. Of the 334 studies, 61 (18.3%) were secondary and 273 (81.7%) were primary research articles. Substantial evidence of a reservoir of ADHD was found in 104 studies, providing a potential for diagnoses to increase (question 1). Evidence that actual ADHD diagnosis had increased was found in 45 studies (question 2). Twenty-five studies showed that these additional cases may be on the milder end of the ADHD spectrum (question 3), and 83 studies showed that pharmacological treatment of ADHD was increasing (question 4). A total of 151 studies reported on outcomes of diagnosis and pharmacological treatment (question 5). However, only 5 studies evaluated the critical issue of benefits and harms among the additional, milder cases. These studies supported a hypothesis of diminishing returns in which the harms may outweigh the benefits for youths with milder symptoms.', attributes={'Label': 'Findings'}), StringElement('This review found evidence of ADHD overdiagnosis and overtreatment in children and adolescents. Evidence gaps remain and future research is needed, in particular research on the long-term benefits and harms of diagnosing and treating ADHD in youths with milder symptoms; therefore, practitioners should be mindful of these knowledge gaps, especially when identifying these individuals and to ensure safe and equitable practice and policy.', attributes={'Label': 'Conclusions and Relevance'})]",0.4130434782608696
26585576,Guanfacine Extended Release: A New Pharmacological Treatment Option in Europe.,[],"['Michael Huss', 'Wai Chen', 'Andrea G Ludolph']","['Children/adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) may have a poor or inadequate response to psychostimulants or be unable to tolerate their side-effects; furthermore, stimulants may be inappropriate because of co-existing conditions. Only one non-stimulant ADHD pharmacotherapy, the noradrenaline transporter inhibitor atomoxetine, is currently approved for use in Europe. We review recent advances in understanding of the pathophysiology of ADHD with a focus on the roles of catecholamine receptors in context of the α2A-adrenergic receptor agonist guanfacine extended release (GXR), a new non-stimulant treatment option in Europe. Neuroimaging studies of children/adolescents with ADHD show impaired brain maturation, and structural and functional anomalies in brain regions and networks. Neurobiological studies in ADHD and medication response patterns support involvement of monoaminergic neurotransmitters (primarily dopamine and noradrenaline). Guanfacine is a selective α2A-adrenergic receptor agonist that has been shown to improve prefrontal cortical cognitive function, including working memory. The hypothesized mode of action of guanfacine centres on direct stimulation of post-synaptic α2A-adrenergic receptors to enhance noradrenaline neurotransmission. Preclinical data suggest that guanfacine also influences dendritic spine growth and maturation. Clinical trials have demonstrated the efficacy of GXR in ADHD, and it is approved as monotherapy or adjunctive therapy to stimulants in Canada and the USA (for children and adolescents). GXR was approved recently in Europe for the treatment of ADHD in children and adolescents for whom stimulants are not suitable, not tolerated or have been shown to be ineffective. GXR may provide particular benefit for children/adolescents who have specific co-morbidities such as chronic tic disorders or oppositional defiant disorder (or oppositional symptoms) that have failed to respond to first-line treatment options. ']",0.07246376811594203
30091808,Amphetamines for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in adults.,[],"['Xavier Castells', 'Lídia Blanco-Silvente', 'Ruth Cunill']","[StringElement(""Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a childhood-onset disorder characterised by inattention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity. ADHD can persist into adulthood and can affects individuals' social and occupational functioning, as well as their quality of life and health. ADHD is frequently associated with other mental disorders such as substance use disorders and anxiety and affective disorders. Amphetamines are used to treat adults with ADHD, but uncertainties about their efficacy and safety remain."", attributes={'Label': 'BACKGROUND'}), StringElement('To examine the efficacy and safety of amphetamines for adults with ADHD.', attributes={'Label': 'OBJECTIVES'}), StringElement('In August 2017, we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, 10 other databases, and two trials registers, and we ran citation searches for included studies. We also contacted the corresponding authors of all included studies, other experts in the field, and the pharmaceutical company, Shire, and we searched the reference lists of retrieved studies and reviews for other published, unpublished, or ongoing studies. For each included study, we performed a citation search in Web of Science to identify any later studies that may have cited it.', attributes={'Label': 'SEARCH METHODS'}), StringElement('We searched for randomised controlled trials comparing the efficacy of amphetamines (at any dose) for ADHD in adults aged 18 years and over against placebo or an active intervention.', attributes={'Label': 'SELECTION CRITERIA'}), StringElement('Two review authors extracted data from each included study. We used the standardised mean difference (SMD) and the risk ratio (RR) to assess continuous and dichotomous outcomes, respectively. We conducted a stratified analysis to determine the influence of moderating variables. We assessed trials for risk of bias and drew a funnel plot to investigate the possibility of publication bias. We rated the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach, which yielded high, moderate, low, or very low quality ratings based on evaluation of within-trial risk of bias, directness of evidence, heterogeneity of data; precision of effect estimates, and risk of publication bias.', attributes={'Label': 'DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS'}), StringElement(""We included 19 studies that investigated three types of amphetamines: dexamphetamine (10.2 mg/d to 21.8 mg/d), lisdexamfetamine (30 mg/d to 70 mg/d), and mixed amphetamine salts (MAS; 12.5 mg/d to 80 mg/d). These studies enrolled 2521 participants; most were middle-aged (35.3 years), Caucasian males (57.2%), with a combined type of ADHD (78.8%). Eighteen studies were conducted in the USA, and one study was conducted in both Canada and the USA. Ten were multi-site studies. All studies were placebo-controlled, and three also included an active comparator: guanfacine, modafinil, or paroxetine. Most studies had short-term follow-up and a mean study length of 5.3 weeks.We found no studies that had low risk of bias in all domains of the Cochrane 'Risk of bias' tool, mainly because amphetamines have powerful subjective effects that may reveal the assigned treatment, but also because we noted attrition bias, and because we could not rule out the possibility of a carry-over effect in studies that used a cross-over design.Sixteen studies were funded by the pharmaceutical industry, one study was publicly funded, and two studies did not report their funding sources.Amphetamines versus placeboSeverity of ADHD symptoms: we found low- to very low-quality evidence suggesting that amphetamines reduced the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by clinicians (SMD -0.90, 95% confidence interval (CI) -1.04 to -0.75; 13 studies, 2028 participants) and patients (SMD -0.51, 95% CI -0.75 to -0.28; six studies, 120 participants).Retention: overall, we found low-quality evidence suggesting that amphetamines did not improve retention in treatment (risk ratio (RR) 1.06, 95% CI 0.99 to 1.13; 17 studies, 2323 participants).Adverse events: we found that amphetamines were associated with an increased proportion of patients who withdrew because of adverse events (RR 2.69, 95% CI 1.63 to 4.45; 17 studies, 2409 participants).Type of amphetamine: we found differences between amphetamines for the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by clinicians. Both lisdexamfetamine (SMD -1.06, 95% CI -1.26 to -0.85; seven studies, 896 participants; low-quality evidence) and MAS (SMD -0.80, 95% CI -0.93 to -0.66; five studies, 1083 participants; low-quality evidence) reduced the severity of ADHD symptoms. In contrast, we found no evidence to suggest that dexamphetamine reduced the severity of ADHD symptoms (SMD -0.24, 95% CI -0.80 to 0.32; one study, 49 participants; very low-quality evidence). In addition, all amphetamines were efficacious in reducing the severity of ADHD symptoms as rated by patients (dexamphetamine: SMD -0.77, 95% CI -1.14 to -0.40; two studies, 35 participants; low-quality evidence; lisdexamfetamine: SMD -0.33, 95% CI -0.65 to -0.01; three studies, 67 participants; low-quality evidence; MAS: SMD -0.45, 95% CI -1.02 to 0.12; one study, 18 participants; very low-quality evidence).Dose at study completion: different doses of amphetamines did not appear to be associated with differences in efficacy.Type of drug-release formulation: we investigated immediate- and sustained-release formulations but found no differences between them for any outcome.Amphetamines versus other drugsWe found no evidence that amphetamines improved ADHD symptom severity compared to other drug interventions."", attributes={'Label': 'MAIN RESULTS'}), StringElement('Amphetamines improved the severity of ADHD symptoms, as assessed by clinicians or patients, in the short term but did not improve retention to treatment. Amphetamines were associated with higher attrition due to adverse events. The short duration of studies coupled with their restrictive inclusion criteria limits the external validity of these findings. Furthermore, none of the included studies had an overall low risk of bias. Overall, the evidence generated by this review is of low or very low quality.', attributes={'Label': ""AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS""})]",1.0
29150311,Functional connectivity of the vigilant-attention network in children and adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.,"['ADHD', 'Adolescents', 'Alertness', 'Children', 'Resting-state fMRI', 'Sustained attention']","['Florian D Zepf', 'Sarah Bubenzer-Busch', 'Kevin C Runions', 'Pradeep Rao', 'Janice W Y Wong', 'Simone Mahfouda', 'Hugo A E Morandini', 'Richard M Stewart', 'Julia K Moore', 'Caroline S Biskup', 'Simon B Eickhoff', 'Gereon R Fink', 'Robert Langner']","['The ability to maintain attention to simple tasks (i.e., vigilant attention, VA) is often impaired in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), but the underlying pathophysiological mechanisms at the brain network level are not clear yet. We therefore investigated ADHD-related differences in resting-state functional connectivity within a meta-analytically defined brain network of 14 distinct regions subserving VA (comprising 91 connections in total), as well as the association of connectivity with markers of behavioural dysfunction in 17 children (age range: 9-14\u202fyears) with a diagnosis of ADHD and 21 age-matched neurotypical controls. Our analyses revealed selective, rather than global, differences in the intrinsic coupling between nodes of the VA-related brain network in children with ADHD, relative to controls. In particular, ADHD patients showed substantially diminished intrinsic coupling for 7 connections and increased coupling for 4 connections, with many differences involving connectivity with the anterior insula. Moreover, connectivity strength of several aberrant connections was found to be associated with core aspects of ADHD symptomatology, such as poor attention, difficulties with social functioning, and impaired cognitive control, attesting to the behavioural relevance of specific connectivity differences observed in the resting state.']",0.08695652173913043
34797010,Altered single-subject gray matter structural networks in drug-naïve attention deficit hyperactivity disorder children.,"['attention deficit hyperactivity disorder', 'cognitive deficits', 'gray matter networks', 'psychoradiology', 'symptom severity']","['Ying Chen', 'Du Lei', 'Hengyi Cao', 'Running Niu', 'Fuqin Chen', 'Lizhou Chen', 'Jinbo Zhou', 'Xinyu Hu', 'Xiaoqi Huang', 'Lanting Guo', 'John A Sweeney', 'Qiyong Gong']","['Altered topological organization of brain structural covariance networks has been observed in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, results have been inconsistent, potentially related to confounding medication effects. In addition, since structural networks are traditionally constructed at the group level, variabilities in individual structural features remain to be well characterized. Structural brain imaging with MRI was performed on 84 drug-naïve children with ADHD and 83 age-matched healthy controls. Single-subject gray matter (GM) networks were obtained based on areal similarities of GM, and network topological properties were analyzed using graph theory. Group differences in each topological metric were compared using nonparametric permutation testing. Compared with healthy subjects, GM networks in ADHD patients demonstrated significantly altered topological characteristics, including higher global and local efficiency and clustering coefficient, and shorter path length. In addition, ADHD patients exhibited abnormal centrality in corticostriatal circuitry including the superior frontal gyrus, orbitofrontal gyrus, medial superior frontal gyrus, precentral gyrus, middle temporal gyrus, and pallidum (all p\xa0<\u2009.05, false discovery rate [FDR] corrected). Altered global and nodal topological efficiencies were associated with the severity of hyperactivity symptoms and the performance on the Stroop and Wisconsin Card Sorting Test tests (all p\xa0<\u2009.05, FDR corrected). ADHD combined and inattention subtypes were differentiated by nodal attributes of amygdala (p\xa0<\u2009.05, FDR corrected). Alterations in GM network topologies were observed in drug-naïve ADHD patients, in particular in frontostriatal loops and amygdala. These alterations may contribute to impaired cognitive functioning and impulsive behavior in ADHD.']",0.5869565217391305
25985979,"Response Inhibition, Peer Preference and Victimization, and Self-Harm: Longitudinal Associations in Young Adult Women with and without ADHD.","['Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)', 'Females', 'Longitudinal', 'Peer victimization', 'Response inhibition', 'Self-harm']","['Jocelyn I Meza', 'Elizabeth B Owens', 'Stephen P Hinshaw']","[""Self-harm (suicidal ideation and attempts; non-suicidal self-injuries behavior) peaks in adolescence and early-adulthood, with rates higher for women than men. Young women with childhood psychiatric diagnoses appear to be at particular risk, yet more remains to be learned about the key predictors or mediators of self-harm outcomes. Our aims were to examine, with respect to self-harm-related outcomes in early adulthood, the predictive validity of childhood response inhibition, a cardinal trait of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), as well as the potential mediating effects of social preference and peer victimization, ascertained in early adolescence. Participants were an ethnically and socioeconomically diverse sample of 228 girls with and without ADHD, an enriched sample for deficits in response inhibition. Childhood response inhibition (RI) predicted young-adult suicide ideation (SI), suicide attempts (SA), and non-suicidal self-injury (NSSI), over and above full-scale IQ, mother's education, household income, and age. Importantly, teacher-rated social preference in adolescence was a partial mediator of the RI-SI/SA linkages; self-reported peer victimization in adolescence emerged as a significant partial mediator of the RI-NSSI linkage. We discuss implications for conceptual models of self-harm and for needed clinical services designed to detect and reduce self-harm.""]",0.0
22013285,Promoting Family and School Success for Children With ADHD: Strengthening Relationships While Building Skills.,[],"['Jennifer A Mautone', 'Elizabeth K Lefler', 'Thomas J Power']","['Children with ADHD typically experience significant impairment at home and school, and their relationships with parents, teachers, and peers often are strained. Psychosocial interventions for ADHD generally focus on behavior change in one environment at a time (i.e., either home or school); however, unisystemic interventions generally are not sufficient. The purpose of this article is to describe a family-school intervention for children with ADHD. In addition, program strategies and theoretical bases are discussed.']",0.13768115942028986
29864032,Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic analysis of d-amphetamine in an attention task in rodents.,[],"['Jonathan M Slezak', 'Melanie Mueller', 'George A Ricaurte', 'Jonathan L Katz']","['Amphetamine is a common therapeutic agent for alleviating the core symptoms associated with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children and adults. The current study used a translational model of attention, the five-choice serial reaction time (5-CSRT) procedure with rats, to examine the time-course effects of d-amphetamine. Effects of different dosages of d-amphetamine were related to drug-plasma concentrations, fashioned after comprehensive pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic assessments that have been employed in clinical investigations. We sought to determine whether acute drug-plasma concentrations that enhance performance in the 5-CSRT procedure are similar to those found to be therapeutic in patients diagnosed with ADHD. Results from the pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic assessment indicate that d-amphetamine plasma concentrations associated with improved performance on the 5-CSRT procedure overlap with those that have been reported to be therapeutic in clinical trials. The current findings suggest that the 5-CSRT procedure may be a useful preclinical model for predicting the utility of novel ADHD therapeutics and their effective concentrations.']",0.0
